#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 14.03 23:22 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 36733 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Blood Altar
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spell Conduit
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Incense Crucible
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Demon's Chest
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spell Table
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mimic Block
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Schematic Saver
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Teleposer
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood Light
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Filled Socket
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Demon Portal
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Empty Socket
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Life Essence
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spectral Block
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spectral Container
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Speed Rune
fe.protection.break.AdvancedMachines.blockAdvMachine.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.Aroma1997sDimension.aromicPortal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mining Portal
fe.protection.break.Aroma1997sDimension.portalFrame.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Portal Frame
fe.protection.break.Aroma1997sDimension.stickyOre.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Ore
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Armor Stand
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Desk Bell
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Painting Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Printing Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Typesetting Table
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.break.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.storage.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Apple Leaves
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ash Stone
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bones.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crag Rock
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dried Dirt
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Flesh
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Flowering Vines
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gravestone
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Ice
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Sand
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Honey Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ivy
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Long Grass Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Moss
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mud.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.petals.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.plants.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Poison
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tree Moss
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Turnip
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Willow
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wisteria
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.altGrass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.altar.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Altar of Light
fe.protection.break.Botania.avatar.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bellows.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bifrost.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.brewery.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.cocoon.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.distributor.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.break.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.enchanter.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.flower.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.forestEye.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.hourglass.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.mushroom.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.Botania.openCrate.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.platform.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.break.Botania.pool.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pool.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prism.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.prism.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pump.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pump.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pylon.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.root.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.root.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.solidVine.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.spreader.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.starfield.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.storage.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.storage.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.turntable.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.ceramic.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.flower.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.flowerbedNoWeed.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerbedNoWeed.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.loam.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.loam.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.loamNoWeed.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.loamNoWeed.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.plant.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.plant.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.soil.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.soil.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.soilNoWeed.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.soilNoWeed.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.stained.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Architect Table
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Builder
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Construction Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Filler
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Frame
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Electronic Library
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Quarry
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Land Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Path Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fuel
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Oil
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Auto Workbench
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chute
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Flood Gate
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mining Well
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mining Pipe
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pump
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Requester
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Zone Planner
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Laser
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Recipe Packager
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.break.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.break.CompactSolars.CompactSolarBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.CompactSolar.name
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Networking Cable
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Computer
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Command Computer
fe.protection.break.DefenseTech.explosives.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.defense:explosives.name
fe.protection.break.DefenseTech.machine.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.defense:machine.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cloud Seed
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Combustion Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Conduit Connector
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Crafter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Enchanter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ender IO
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ender Rail
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enderman Skull
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Farming Station
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fire Water
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hootch
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ingot Storage
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Panel
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Killer Joe
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Painted Carpet
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Painted Fence
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Painted Gate
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Painted Slab
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Painted Stairs
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Painted Wall
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Painting Machine
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Power Monitor
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Powered Spawner
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Reservoir
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK SAG Mill
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Soul Binder
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stirling Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Tank
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Telepad Block
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Travel Anchor
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK The Vat
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Charger
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Zombie Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.break.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Concussion Charge
fe.protection.break.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Confusing Charge
fe.protection.break.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ender Charge
fe.protection.break.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ectoplasm
fe.protection.break.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.advancedFuelLoader.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Fuel Loader
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.advancedOxygenCompressor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.advanced_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.advancedRefinery.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Refinery
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.ashBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.callistoGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Callisto Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.ceresGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ceres Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.ceresStoneBrickStairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ceres Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.ceresStoneStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ceres Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.ceresStonefullslab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_ceresStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.ceresStonehalfslab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ceres Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.chargingBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Vehicle Charger
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.deimosGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Deimos Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.denseIce.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dense Ice
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.erisDungeonBrick.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Eris Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.erisGravel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Eris Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.erisSpawner.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.erisStoneBrickStairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Eris Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.erisStoneStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Eris Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.erisStonefullslab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_erisStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.erisStonehalfslab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Eris Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.europaGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Europa Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.fossil.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fossil Block
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.frozenNitrogen.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Frozen Nitrogen
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.frozen_water.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Frozen Water
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.ganymedeGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ganymede Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.glowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Glowstone
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.iapetus.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.iapetus.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.iapetusGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Iapetus Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.infected_water.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Infected Water
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.ioGravel.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Io Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Jupiter Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Jupiter Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_jupiterDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Jupiter Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.jupiterGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Jupiter Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.jupiterSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jupiter Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Jupiter Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_jupiterStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Jupiter Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bBlueGrass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Kepler 22b Blue Grass
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Kepler 22b Grass
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bInfectedGrass.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Kepler 22b Infected Grass
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bPurpleGrass.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Kepler 22b Purple Grass
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bRedGrass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Kepler 22b Red Grass
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bYellowGrass.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Kepler 22b Yellow Grass
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.liquid_caramel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Caramel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.liquid_chocolate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Chocolate
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.magma.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Magma
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.mercuryGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.methane.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Methane
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Neptune Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Neptune Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_neptuneDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Neptune Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.neptuneSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Neptune Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Neptune Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_neptuneStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Neptune Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.nitrogen.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.nitrogen_ice.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Nitrogen Ice
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.oberon.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.oberon.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.oberonGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Oberon Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.orangeSand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sand
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.orangeSandstone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sandstone
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.phobosGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Phobos Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.plutoDungeonBrick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.plutoGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.plutoSpawner.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.plutoStoneBrickStairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.plutoStoneStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.plutoStonefullslab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_plutoStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.plutoStonehalfslab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.radio_active_water.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Radioactive Water
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.redSand.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Sand
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.redSandstone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.rheaGravel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rhea Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.salt.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Salt Ore
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Saturn Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Saturn Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_saturnDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Saturn Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.saturnGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Saturn Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.saturnSpawner.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.saturnStoneBrickStairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Saturn Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.saturnStoneStairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Saturn Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.saturnStonefullslab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_saturnStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.saturnStonehalfslab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Saturn Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.slimeBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Slime Block
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.advancedLaunchPad.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.advancedLaunchPadFull.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.callisto.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.callisto.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.ceres.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceres.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.coal_grit.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Coal Grit
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.decorativeBlocks.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.decorative_blocks.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.decorativeBlocks2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.decorative_blocks2.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.deimos.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.deimos.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.diamond_grit.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Grit
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.emerald_grit.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Grit
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.eris.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.eris.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.europa.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.europa.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.ganymede.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ganymede.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.gold_grit.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gold Grit
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.io.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.io.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.iron_grit.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Iron Grit
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.jupiter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.jupiter.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22b.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bFlowers.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_flowers.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleLogs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_maple_logs.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleLogs2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_maple_logs2.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleSaplings.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bNewMapleLeaves.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bNewMapleLeaves2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bPlanks.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_planks.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.mercury.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mercury.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.neptune.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.neptune.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.phobos.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.phobos.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.pluto.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pluto.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.rhea.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.rhea.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.saturn.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.saturn.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.solar.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.solar.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.titan.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.titan.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT10.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tier 10 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT4.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tier 4 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT5.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tier 5 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT6.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tier 6 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT7.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tier 7 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT8.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tier 8 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT9.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tier 9 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.triton.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.triton.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.uranus.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.uranus.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tile.venus.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.venus.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.titanGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Titan Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.titania.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.titania.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.titaniaGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Titania Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.tritonGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Triton Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.ultimateFuelLoader.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ultimate Fuel Loader
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.ultimateOxygenCompressor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.ultimateRefinery.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ultimate Refinery
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Uranus Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Uranus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_uranusDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Uranus Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.uranusSpawner.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.uranusStoneBrickStairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Uranus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.uranusStoneStairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Uranus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.uranusStonefullslab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_uranusStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.uranusStonehalfslab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Uranus Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Venus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Venus Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.venusGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Venus Gravel
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.venusSpawner.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.venusStoneBrickStairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Venus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.venusStoneStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Venus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.venusStonefullslab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.venusStonehalfslab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Venus Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.veunsDungeonBrick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Venus Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.break.ExtraPlanets.volcanicRock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.door.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Angel Block
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chandelier
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mini-Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cursed Earth
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Marker
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ender Collector
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ender Quarry
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK TNT Generator
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magnum Torch
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Peaceful Table
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Iron Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Golden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Clock
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Trading Post
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Trash Can
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Umbral Rose
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Nether Star Block
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Log
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Planks
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wrath Cage
fe.protection.break.Forestry.alveary.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.beehives.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.candle.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.core.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.engine.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.factory.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.factory2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fences.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ethanol
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Biomass
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Glass
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Crushed Ice
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Juice
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Seed Oil
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Short Mead
fe.protection.break.Forestry.leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.logs.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.mail.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.planks.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.pods.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.resources.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabs.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.soil.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stairs.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stump.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.break.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.break.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Arc Lamp
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Cheese
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Communications Dish
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fuel Loader
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Parachest
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK NASA Workbench
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.solar.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Spin Thruster
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit_Stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Stone Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch_Stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Display Screen
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Creeper Egg
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dense Ice
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.mars.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Walkway
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Walkway
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Walkway
fe.protection.break.Genetics.advMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.advMachine.name
fe.protection.break.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.break.Genetics.machine.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine.name
fe.protection.break.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fence with Rope
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grc.naturaFenceRope.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fence with Rope (%s)
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grc.netherBrickFenceRope.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fence with Rope (Nether Brick)
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rope
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grccore.BlockFluidSaltWater.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Salt Water
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grccore.salt_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Salt Block
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Apple Juice
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Silken Nectar
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Apple Leaves
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Door
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceRope.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Fence with Rope
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.BiomesOPlenty.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.BiomesOPlenty.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Botania.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Botania.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Natura.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Natura.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Thaumcraft.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Thaumcraft.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BlockFluidHoney.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bee Hive
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mead Must
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Brew Kettle
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Culture Jar
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mechanical Press
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mechanical Press
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fish Trap
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grapes
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grape Leaves
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grape Trunk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grape Trunk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Grape Juice
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ambrosia
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Port Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ale Wort
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Hops
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidButterMilk.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Butter Milk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCream.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cream
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCurds.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Milk Curds
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidMilk.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidPasteurizedMilk.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Pasteurized Milk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidRennet.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rennet
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidSkimMilk.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Skim Milk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidWhey.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Whey
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.ButterChurn.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Butter Churn
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Block
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheesePress.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Press
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseVat.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Vat
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.HangingCurds.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hanging Curds
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Kumis
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Kumis
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Kumis
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.3.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Kumis
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.4.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Kumis
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.5.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Vile Milk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Pancheon.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pancheon
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Thistle.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Thistle
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rice Paddy
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Rice
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sake Moromi
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Divine Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Accumulation Table
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cinder
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Death Flower
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Decomposition Table
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK End Powder Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ender Goo
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enderman Head
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Endium Block
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Endium Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cluster
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Extraction Table
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Experience Table
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Persegrit
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sphalerite
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Spooky Log
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stardust Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Transport Beacon
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Void Chest
fe.protection.break.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.break.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.break.HatStand.hats.addon.hatstands.block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hat Stand
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockCable.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK blockCable.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockCrop.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockElectric.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockFoam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockHarz.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockITNT.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockMachine.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK blockMetal.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockNuke.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockRubber.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockWall.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockWall.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRinfoFetch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.break.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.break.JABBA.barrel.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Better Barrel
fe.protection.break.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.break.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Frame
fe.protection.break.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.hive.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Magic Apiary
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.manaAuraProvider.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mana Apiary Booster
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.visAuraProvider.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vis Apiary Booster
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bounding Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cardboard Box
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Road
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Salt Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Generator
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK BioFuel
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK RedNet Cable
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK DetCord
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fertile Soil
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Meat
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Essence
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pink Slime
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Plastic
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Wood
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sewage
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sludge
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Tank
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Book Binder
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Book Receptacle
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bookstand
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crystal
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Decay Effect
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ink Mixer
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lectern
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Link Modifier
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Star Fissure
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Link Portal
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Writing Desk
fe.protection.break.Natura.BerryBush.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Blazerail.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.Natura.Bluebells.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bluebells
fe.protection.break.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.Natura.Cloud.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.N_Crops.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherButton.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Nether Furnace
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherLever.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.Obelisk.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Obelisk
fe.protection.break.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Saguaro.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.break.Natura.Thornvines.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Thornvines
fe.protection.break.Natura.bloodwood.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bloodwood
fe.protection.break.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.maple.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Maple Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.redwood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.sakura.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.tiger.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.willow.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Willow Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.redwood.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.sakura.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.floraleaves.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.florasapling.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.break.Natura.heatsand.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Heat Sand
fe.protection.break.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.planks.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.break.Natura.redwood.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Soil
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.maple.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Maple Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.willow.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Willow Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.tree.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.willow.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Willow
fe.protection.break.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.break.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.break.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.break.ObsidiPlates.ObsidianPressurePlate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Auto Anvil
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bear Trap
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Big Button
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block Placer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block Breaker
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Item Cannon
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glass Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Donation Station
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Drawing Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fan
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Flag
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Golden Egg
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grave
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Healer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Item Dropper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Paint Can
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Paint Mixer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Path
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Height Map Projector
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rope Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Scaffolding
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sky Block
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Target
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Trophy
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Village Highlighter
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK XP Bottler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK XP Drain
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK XP Shower
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Adapter
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cable
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Capacitor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.carpetedCapacitor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Disassembler
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Disk Drive
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Geolyzer
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Keyboard
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Microcontroller
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Motion Sensor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Net Splitter
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Power Converter
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Power Distributor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.print.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK 3D Print
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK 3D Printer
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rack
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Raid
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone I/O
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Relay
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Robot.name
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Robot
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Transposer
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Waypoint
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK PIM
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Item Selector
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sensor
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ticket Machine
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.advancedAirCompressor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Air Compressor
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.advancedLiquidCompressor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.advancedPressureTube.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Pressure Tube
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.aerialInterface.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Aerial Interface
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.airCannon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Air Cannon
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.airCompressor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Air Compressor
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.aphorismTile.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Aphorism Tile
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.assemblyController.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Assembly Controller
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.assemblyDrill.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Assembly Drill
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.assemblyIOUnit.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Assembly IO Unit
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.assemblyLaser.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Assembly Laser
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.assemblyPlatform.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Assembly Platform
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.burstPlant.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Burst Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.chargingStation.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Charging Station
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.chopperPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Chopper Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.compressedIronBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Compressed Iron
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.creativeCompressor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Creative Compressor
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.creeperPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Creeper Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.diesel.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Diesel
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.droneInterface.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Drone Interface
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.droneRedstoneEmitter.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.droneRedstoneEmitter.name
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.electricCompressor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Electric Compressor
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.electrostaticCompressor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Electrostatic Compressor
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.elevatorBase.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Base
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.elevatorCaller.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Caller
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.elevatorFrame.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Frame
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.enderPlant.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ender Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.etchingAcid.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Etching Acid
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.fireFlower.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fire Flower
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.fluxCompressor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Flux Compressor
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.flyingFlower.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Flying Flower
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.fuel.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gasoline
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.gasLift.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gas Lift
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.heatSink.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Heat Sink
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.heliumPlant.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Helium Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.kerosene.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Kerosene
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.keroseneLamp.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Kerosene Lamp
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.keroseneLampLight.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.keroseneLampLight.name
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.lightningPlant.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lightning Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.liquidCompressor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.liquidHopper.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Hopper
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.lpg.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK LPG
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.lubricant.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lubricant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.oil.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Oil
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.omnidirectionalHopper.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Omnidirectional Hopper
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.plasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.plasticBlock.name
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.plasticMixer.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Mixer
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDoor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pneumatic Door
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDoorBase.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pneumatic Door Base
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDynamo.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pneumatic Dynamo
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pneumatic Generator
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.potionPlant.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Potion Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberInterface.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Chamber Interface
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberValve.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Chamber Valve
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberWall.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pressureChamberWall.name
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.pressureTube.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Tube
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.programmableController.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Programmable Controller
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.programmer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Programmer
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.propulsionPlant.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Propulsion Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.rainPlant.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rain Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.refinery.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.repulsionPlant.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Repulsion Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.securityStation.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Security Station
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.sentryTurret.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sentry Turret
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.slimePlant.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Slime Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.squidPlant.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Squid Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.thermopneumaticProcessingPlant.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Thermopneumatic Processing Plant
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.universalSensor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Universal Sensor
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.uvLightBox.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK UV Light Box
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.vacuumPump.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Pump
fe.protection.break.PneumaticCraft.vortexTube.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vortex Tube
fe.protection.break.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.PortalMultiBlock.name
fe.protection.break.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.barrel.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lily.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.lily.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.ore.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stone.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.cube.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.detector.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Creosote
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.frame.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.ore.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Residual Heat
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.signal.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.slab.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.stair.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Track
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.break.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.break.RefinedRelocation.blockExtender.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockExtender.name
fe.protection.break.RefinedRelocation.buffer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.buffer.name
fe.protection.break.RefinedRelocation.filteringHopper.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Filtering Hopper
fe.protection.break.RefinedRelocation.powerLimiter.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Power Limiter
fe.protection.break.RefinedRelocation.relocationController.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Player Relocator Base
fe.protection.break.RefinedRelocation.relocationPortal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.relocationPortal.name
fe.protection.break.RefinedRelocation.sortingBarrel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sorting Barrel
fe.protection.break.RefinedRelocation.sortingChest.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sorting Chest
fe.protection.break.RefinedRelocation.sortingConnector.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.sortingConnector.name
fe.protection.break.RefinedRelocation.sortingIronChest.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.sortingIronChest.name
fe.protection.break.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Energistics Connector
fe.protection.break.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK RF Node
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Module Toggler
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cargo Manager
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cart Assembler
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK External Distributor
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Junction Rail
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Manager
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block Detector
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block Gate
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Creative Supplier
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Cable
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sign Updater
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.break.StevesWorkshop.production_table.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.Sync.Sync_ShellConstructor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Shell Constructor
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Drying Rack
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Casting Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Station
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Slab Furnace
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glue Block
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Frying Pan
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hambone
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Landmine
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tool Forge
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK SDX
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Ender
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Alumite
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ardite
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Bronze
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Copper
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Electrum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Enderium
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Glass
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Gold
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Invar
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Iron
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lead
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lumium
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Nickel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Shiny
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Signalum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Silver
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Steel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Tin
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blood
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glue
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Slime
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Slime Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bounce Pad
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Birch Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Oak Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Punji Stick
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dynamo
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Door
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hungry Chest
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Death
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Flux Gas  
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Flux Goo
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Empty Space
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Old Urn
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Magic Mirror
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.autoSorter.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicexploration:autoSorter.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.boundChest.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bound Jar
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Everburn Urn
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Everfull Urn
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Soul Brazier
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Think Tank
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Alchemite
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Seroconverter
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bone
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lump of Brain
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Deep Crystal
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dust
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Eye Cluster
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Planar Gateway
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inspiratron
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Light Orb
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Orb
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Node Monitor
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Soul Beacon
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sieve
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Soulforge
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Metal Spike
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tooth
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Spike
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Curative Vat
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Curative Vat
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Planar Boundary
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.aspectAnalyzer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Aspectalyzer
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Forcefield
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.golemConnector.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Golem Connector
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Transvector Interface
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.travelStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Paving Stair of Travel
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.wardSlab.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.wardSlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Glass
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Resonant Ender
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Primal Mana
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.break.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Grid
fe.protection.break.Translocator.translocator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Slab
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoorVanished.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceLit.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CinderLog.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Giant Leaves
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Giant Log
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Huge Stalk
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Block
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cicada
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Firefly
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Firefly Jar
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Moonworm
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thorn Rose
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Trollber
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Trollsteinn
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Trollvidr
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Uberous Soil
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Connector
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockIronwood.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ironwood Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockKnightmetal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Knightmetal Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockTitanium.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Titanium Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK ME Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Matter Condenser
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK ME Controller
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                               # (default: true) BREAK 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crank
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK ME Drive
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK ME IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Inscriber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Matrix Frame
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                            # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tiny TNT
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.cfm.barstool.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.basin.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.basin.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bath1.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bath2.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bin.*                                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bin.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.birdbath.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.blender.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blender.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.blindoff.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.blindon.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.chairstone.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.chairwood.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.choppingboard.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.computer.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.computer.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.cookiejar.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.couch.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.couch.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.counterdoored.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.countersink.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.cup.*                                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.cup.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.curtainoff.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.curtainon.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.doorbell.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.electricfence.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.firealarmon.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.freezer.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.fridge.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.hedge.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.hey.*                                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.hey.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.lampoff.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.lampon.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.mailbox.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.microwave.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.microwave.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.nyan.*                                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.oven.*                                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Oven
fe.protection.break.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.pattern.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.plate.*                                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.plate.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.present.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.present.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.printer.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.printer.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.showerbottom.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.showerheadon.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.showertop.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.stereo.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.stonepath.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tablestone.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tablewood.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tap.*                                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tap.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.toaster.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.toilet.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tree.*                                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tree.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tv.*                                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tv.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.washingmachine.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.whitefence.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.break.chisel.amber.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Anti Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.arcane.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Auto Chisel
fe.protection.break.chisel.beacon.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blood Rune
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Brick Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bronze
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Floor Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.cloud.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.copperblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Copper
fe.protection.break.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.dirt.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futura.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Futura Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Futura Circuit
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass2.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold2.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold_block.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gold Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.grimstone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grimstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.holystone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Holystone
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice.*                                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron2.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_block.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.leadblock.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lead
fe.protection.break.chisel.leaves.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Marble Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nation.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherrack.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.present.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Present
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.rebel.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rebellious Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.road_line.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Road Lines
fe.protection.break.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.silverblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Silver
fe.protection.break.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.steelblock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Steel
fe.protection.break.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.tallow.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tallow
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical4.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.templeblock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.thaumium.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.tinblock.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tin
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch1.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch10.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch2.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch3.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch4.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch5.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch6.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch7.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch8.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch9.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.tyrian.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tyrian
fe.protection.break.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium
fe.protection.break.chisel.valentines.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Valentines Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.warningSign.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Warning Sign
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Woolen Clay
fe.protection.break.compacter.Cobbler.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.break.compacter.Compacter.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Compacter
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Audio Cable
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Camera
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Chat Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cipher Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Detector - Digital
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Iron Note Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Radar
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Speaker
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Speech Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tape Drive
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ticket Machine
fe.protection.break.denseores.block0.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.break.denseores.block1.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.break.doge.dogeBlock.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Doge Block
fe.protection.break.doge.miningRig.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mining Rig
fe.protection.break.eplus.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.eplus.arcane_inscriber.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Inscriber
fe.protection.break.eplus.enchantment_book.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Book
fe.protection.break.extracells.certustank.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.break.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.break.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.extracells.walrus.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Walrus
fe.protection.break.factorization.ArtifactForge.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Artifact Forge
fe.protection.break.factorization.BlastBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blast Block
fe.protection.break.factorization.BlastedBedrock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Blasted Bedrock
fe.protection.break.factorization.BlockMatcher.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block Matcher
fe.protection.break.factorization.ColossalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.factorization:colossalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.factorization.DarkIronOre.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.factorization.FracturedBedrock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fractured Bedrock
fe.protection.break.factorization.FzBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.factorization.FzBlockBarrel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.factorization.GargantuanBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Gargantuan Brick
fe.protection.break.factorization.Lightair.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightair.name
fe.protection.break.factorization.MantleRock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mantle Rock
fe.protection.break.factorization.ResourceBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.factorization.ResourceBlock.name
fe.protection.break.flansmod.armorBox.mwArmour.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.mwArmour.name
fe.protection.break.flansmod.armorBox.ww2Armour.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ww2Armour.name
fe.protection.break.flansmod.flansWorkbench.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flansWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.flansmod.gunBox.american.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.american.name
fe.protection.break.flansmod.gunBox.british.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.british.name
fe.protection.break.flansmod.gunBox.german.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.german.name
fe.protection.break.flansmod.gunBox.japanese.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.japanese.name
fe.protection.break.flansmod.gunBox.modern.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.modern.name
fe.protection.break.flansmod.gunBox.russian.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.russian.name
fe.protection.break.flansmod.teamsSpawner.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.teamsSpawner.name
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.booster.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Frame Booster
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Frame Block
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Frame Block
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame3.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Frame Block
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame4.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Frame Block
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.funkylocomotion:moving.name
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Frame Slider
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK DNA Extractor
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.break.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.break.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Liquid DNA
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Protein
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Animal Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Apiary
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Beehive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Berry Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Churn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cutting Board
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Desert Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fish Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gourd Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grass Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ground Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Herb Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Leafy Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.market.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Market
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Oven
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Almond
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Apricot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Avocado
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Banana
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cashew
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cherry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Coconut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Date
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Durian
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fig
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Goosberry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lemon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lime
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mango
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Maple Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Olive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Orange
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Papaya
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Peach
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pear
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pecan
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Plum
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Walnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Almond Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Banana Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Barley Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Beet Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK White Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Purple Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Brown Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Green Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Red Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Black Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Orange Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lime Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pink Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carrot Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Celery Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Corn Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cotton Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Date Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Durian Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fig Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Garlic Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ginger Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Grape Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Holiday Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lamington
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Leek Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lime Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mango Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Maple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Oats Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Okra Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Olive Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Onion Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pavlova
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Peach Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Peanut Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pear Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Peas Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Plum Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Radish Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rice Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rye Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Scallion Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Soybean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spinach Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tomato Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Turnip Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Presser
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Quern
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Salt Ore
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.sink.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stalk Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Textile Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Water Garden
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AccioFurnace.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Accio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AccioFurnaceActive.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Active Accio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AirCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Air Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AirshardCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Air Shard Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AluminiumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Aluminium Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AlumiteCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Alumite Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.AmberCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Amber Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ArditeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ardite Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.BlazeCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blaze Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.BlizzCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blizz Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.BronzeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bronze Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CertusQuartzCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ChickenCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chicken Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CoalCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Coal Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CobaltCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ConductiveIronCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CopperCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Copper Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CowCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cow Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CreeperCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Creeper Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CropBooster.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Growth Pulser
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CropBooster2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.CropBooster2.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CropBooster3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.CropBooster3.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnace.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnaceActive.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Active Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.DarkSteelCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.DiamondCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.DyeCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dye Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EarthCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Earth Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EarthshardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Earth Shard Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ElectricalSteelCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ElectrumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Electrum Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EmeraldCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EnderiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enderium Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EndermanCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enderman Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EnergeticAlloyCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.EntropyshardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Entropy Shard Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ExperienceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Experience Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.FireCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fire Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.FireshardCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fire Shard Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.FluixCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.GhastCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ghast Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.GlowstoneCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.GoldCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Gold Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Active Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.InvarCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Invar Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.IronCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Iron Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.LapisCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.LeadCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lead Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.LumiumCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lumium Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ManasteelCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ManyullynCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.MinicioCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Minicio Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.MinicioOre.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Minicio Ore
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.MinicioOreEnd.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK End Minicio Ore
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.MinicioOreNether.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Minicio Ore
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.NatureCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nature Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.NetherCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nether Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.NickelCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nickel Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ObsidianCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.OrdershardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Order Shard Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.OsmiumCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Osmium Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.PeridotCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Peridot Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.PigCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pig Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.PlatinumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Platinum Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.PulsatingIronCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.QuartzCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.QuicksilverCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.RedstoneAlloyCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.RedstoneCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.RubberCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.RubyCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SaltpeterCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SapphireCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SheepCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sheep Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SignalumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Signalum Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SilverCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Silver Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SkeletonCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SlimeCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Slime Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SoulariumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Soularium Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SpiderCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spider Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SteelCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Steel Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.SulfurCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.TerrasteelCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ThaumiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.TinCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tin Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnaceActive.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Active Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.VibrantAlloyCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.WaterCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Water Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.WatershardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Water Shard Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.WitherCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.WitherProof.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wither Proof Block
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.WitherProofGlass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wither Proof Glass
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.YelloriteCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Yellorite Crop
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Active Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.break.magicalcrops.essence_storage.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceStorage.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.EssenceStone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Essence Stone
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceSquare.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceSquare2.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square3.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceSquare3.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceBlock.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceBrick.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceBrick2.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick3.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceBrick3.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceLamp.name
fe.protection.break.magicalcropsdeco.essence_small_brick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.EssenceSmallBrick.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Activator Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.air.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bed
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Detector Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Booster Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Silverfish
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.sand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.break.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.break.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sewing Machine
fe.protection.break.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Summoning Altar
fe.protection.break.necromancy.skullWall.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.break.powersuits.tile.luxCapacitor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.break.powersuits.tile.tinkerTable.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Chopper.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Chopper
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.ChopperDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Chopper
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.ChopperIron.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Chopper
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.ChopperStone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Stone Chopper
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Crafter.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crafter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.CrafterDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Crafter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.CrafterIron.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Crafter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.CrafterStone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Stone Crafter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Farmer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Animal Farmer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.FarmerDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Animal Farmer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.FarmerIron.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Iron Animal Farmer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.FarmerStone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Stone Animal Farmer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Generator.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Generator
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.GeneratorDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Generator
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.GeneratorIron.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Generator
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.GeneratorStone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stone Generator
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Killer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Killer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.KillerDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Killer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.KillerIron.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Iron Killer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.KillerStone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Stone Killer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Miner.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Miner
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.MinerDiamond.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Miner
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.MinerIron.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Iron Miner
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.MinerStone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stone Miner
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Planter.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.PlanterDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Planter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.PlanterIron.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Planter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.PlanterStone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Stone Planter
fe.protection.break.qCraft.qblock.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Computer
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Automatic Observer
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumore.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Ore
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Ore
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Portal
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.generic_solid.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Generic Solid
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.generic_space.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Generic Space
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.maze_generator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Maze Generator
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.spawn_script.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spawn Script Block
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.structure_generator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Structure Generator
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.spawn_command.name
fe.protection.break.statues.statues.showcase.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.statues.showcase.name
fe.protection.break.statues.statues.statue.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.statues.statue.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*                # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*            # (default: true) BREAK Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*         # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*               # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Provider
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*      # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*               # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Provider
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*             # (default: true) BREAK Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.break.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Alluring Skull
fe.protection.break.witchery.altar.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Altar
fe.protection.break.witchery.artichoke.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Water Artichoke
fe.protection.break.witchery.barrier.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Barrier
fe.protection.break.witchery.beartrap.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Beartrap
fe.protection.break.witchery.belladonna.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Belladonna
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood Crucible
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Blood Poppy
fe.protection.break.witchery.bramble.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brazier.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Brazier
fe.protection.break.witchery.brew.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brewgas.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.cactus.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.witchery.candelabra.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Candelabra
fe.protection.break.witchery.cauldron.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.break.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.witchery.chalice.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Chalice
fe.protection.break.witchery.circle.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Heart Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.clever.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Coffin
fe.protection.break.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Critter Snare
fe.protection.break.witchery.crystalball.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Ball
fe.protection.break.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sun Collector
fe.protection.break.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.break.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.break.witchery.demonheart.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Demon Heart
fe.protection.break.witchery.disease.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Disease
fe.protection.break.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Distillery
fe.protection.break.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Distillery
fe.protection.break.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dream Weaver
fe.protection.break.witchery.embermoss.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ember Moss
fe.protection.break.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.break.witchery.force.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Solid
fe.protection.break.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fume Funnel
fe.protection.break.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Garlic Garland
fe.protection.break.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Garlic
fe.protection.break.witchery.glintweed.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glint Weed
fe.protection.break.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glow Globe
fe.protection.break.witchery.grassper.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grassper
fe.protection.break.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.break.witchery.icedoor.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ice Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.icefence.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Fence
fe.protection.break.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ice Gate
fe.protection.break.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.iceslab.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ice Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.icestairs.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.icestockade.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Infinity Egg
fe.protection.break.witchery.kettle.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Kettle
fe.protection.break.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Leaping Lily
fe.protection.break.witchery.leechchest.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Leech Chest
fe.protection.break.witchery.light.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.lilypad.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.break.witchery.mandrake.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mandrake
fe.protection.break.witchery.mindrake.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Minedrake
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mirror
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mirror
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mirror Surface
fe.protection.break.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.break.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.witchery.placeditem.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.plantmine.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.break.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Scarecrow
fe.protection.break.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.silvervat.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Silver Vat
fe.protection.break.witchery.slurp.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowbell.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Snowbell
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowslab.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Snow Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Snow Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.break.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spanish Moss
fe.protection.break.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.break.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.break.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Spirit Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Alder Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.break.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.break.witchery.stockade.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Torment Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Torment Stone
fe.protection.break.witchery.trent.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Trent Effigy
fe.protection.break.witchery.vine.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Vine
fe.protection.break.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Void Bramble
fe.protection.break.witchery.wallgen.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.web.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Web
fe.protection.break.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Witches Oven
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Witches Oven
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchlog.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwood.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Altar
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Head
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wolfsbane
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wolftrap
fe.protection.break.witchery.wormwood.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wormwood
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.altar.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Altar of Light
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Altar of Light
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wraith Node
fe.protection.explode.*                                                                           # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Altar
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spell Table
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mimic Block
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleposer
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Light
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Filled Socket
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon Portal
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Socket
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Life Essence
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectral Block
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectral Container
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Speed Rune
fe.protection.explode.AdvancedMachines.blockAdvMachine.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.Aroma1997sDimension.aromicPortal.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Portal
fe.protection.explode.Aroma1997sDimension.portalFrame.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal Frame
fe.protection.explode.Aroma1997sDimension.stickyOre.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Ore
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Stand
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Desk Bell
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Printing Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.explode.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Stone
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bones.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crag Rock
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Dirt
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Flesh
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowering Vines
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravestone
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Sand
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ivy
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Long Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.petals.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plants.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Poison
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tree Moss
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Turnip
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisteria
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.altGrass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.altar.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar of Light
fe.protection.explode.Botania.avatar.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bellows.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bifrost.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.brewery.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.cocoon.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.distributor.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.explode.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.enchanter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.flower.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.forestEye.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.hourglass.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.mushroom.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.Botania.openCrate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.platform.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pool.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prism.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pump.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pylon.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.root.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.root.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.solidVine.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.spreader.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.starfield.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.storage.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.turntable.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.ceramic.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.flower.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.flowerbedNoWeed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerbedNoWeed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.loam.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.loam.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.loamNoWeed.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.loamNoWeed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.plant.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plant.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.soil.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.soilNoWeed.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soilNoWeed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botany.stained.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Architect Table
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Builder
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Construction Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Filler
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Electronic Library
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Quarry
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Land Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Path Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Oil
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chute
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Flood Gate
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Well
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pump
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Refinery
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Requester
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Zone Planner
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.explode.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.explode.CompactSolars.CompactSolarBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CompactSolar.name
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Networking Cable
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Computer
fe.protection.explode.DefenseTech.explosives.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.defense:explosives.name
fe.protection.explode.DefenseTech.machine.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.defense:machine.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud Seed
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender IO
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Rail
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Farming Station
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Water
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hootch
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ingot Storage
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Killer Joe
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Fence
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Gate
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Slab
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Wall
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Machine
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Monitor
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Reservoir
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE SAG Mill
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Binder
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Telepad Block
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE The Vat
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.explode.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.explode.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.explode.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Confusing Charge
fe.protection.explode.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Charge
fe.protection.explode.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.explode.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.advancedFuelLoader.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Fuel Loader
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.advancedOxygenCompressor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.advanced_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.advancedRefinery.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Refinery
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.ashBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.callistoGravel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Callisto Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.ceresGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceres Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.ceresStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceres Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.ceresStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceres Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.ceresStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_ceresStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.ceresStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceres Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.chargingBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Vehicle Charger
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.deimosGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Deimos Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.denseIce.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Ice
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.erisDungeonBrick.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Eris Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.erisGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Eris Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.erisSpawner.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.erisStoneBrickStairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Eris Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.erisStoneStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Eris Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.erisStonefullslab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_erisStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.erisStonehalfslab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Eris Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.europaGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.fossil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fossil Block
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.frozenNitrogen.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Frozen Nitrogen
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.frozen_water.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Frozen Water
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.ganymedeGravel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ganymede Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.glowstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.iapetus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iapetus.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.iapetusGravel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Iapetus Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.infected_water.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Infected Water
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.ioGravel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Io Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Jupiter Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Jupiter Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_jupiterDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jupiter Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.jupiterGravel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Jupiter Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.jupiterSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStoneBrickStairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jupiter Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStoneStairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jupiter Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStonefullslab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_jupiterStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStonehalfslab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Jupiter Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bBlueGrass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Kepler 22b Blue Grass
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bGrass.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Kepler 22b Grass
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bInfectedGrass.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Kepler 22b Infected Grass
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bPurpleGrass.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Kepler 22b Purple Grass
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bRedGrass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Kepler 22b Red Grass
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bYellowGrass.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Kepler 22b Yellow Grass
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.liquid_caramel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Caramel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.liquid_chocolate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Chocolate
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.magma.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Magma
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.mercuryGravel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStoneBrickStairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStoneStairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStonefullslab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStonehalfslab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.methane.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Methane
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Neptune Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Neptune Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_neptuneDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Neptune Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.neptuneSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStoneBrickStairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Neptune Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStoneStairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Neptune Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStonefullslab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_neptuneStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStonehalfslab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Neptune Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.nitrogen.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.nitrogen_ice.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Nitrogen Ice
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.oberon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oberon.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.oberonGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Oberon Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.orangeSand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Sand
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.orangeSandstone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.phobosGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Phobos Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.plutoDungeonBrick.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.plutoGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.plutoSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.plutoStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.plutoStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.plutoStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_plutoStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.plutoStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.radio_active_water.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Radioactive Water
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.redSand.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sand
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.redSandstone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.rheaGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rhea Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.salt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Ore
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Saturn Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Saturn Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_saturnDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Saturn Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.saturnGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Saturn Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.saturnSpawner.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.saturnStoneBrickStairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Saturn Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.saturnStoneStairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Saturn Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.saturnStonefullslab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_saturnStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.saturnStonehalfslab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Saturn Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.slimeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Block
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.advancedLaunchPad.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.advancedLaunchPadFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.callisto.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.callisto.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.ceres.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceres.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.coal_grit.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Grit
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.decorativeBlocks.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.decorative_blocks.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.decorativeBlocks2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.decorative_blocks2.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.deimos.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.deimos.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.diamond_grit.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Grit
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.emerald_grit.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Grit
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.eris.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.eris.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.europa.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.europa.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.ganymede.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ganymede.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.gold_grit.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Grit
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.io.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.io.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.iron_grit.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Grit
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.jupiter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jupiter.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22b.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bFlowers.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_flowers.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleLogs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_maple_logs.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleLogs2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_maple_logs2.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleSaplings.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bNewMapleLeaves.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bNewMapleLeaves2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bPlanks.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_planks.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.mercury.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mercury.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.neptune.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.neptune.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.phobos.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.phobos.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.pluto.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pluto.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.rhea.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rhea.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.saturn.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.saturn.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.solar.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.titan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.titan.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT10.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 10 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT4.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 4 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT5.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 5 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT6.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 6 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT7.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 7 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT8.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 8 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT9.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 9 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.triton.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.triton.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.uranus.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.uranus.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tile.venus.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.venus.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.titanGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Titan Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.titania.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.titania.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.titaniaGravel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Titania Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.tritonGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Triton Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.ultimateFuelLoader.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ultimate Fuel Loader
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.ultimateOxygenCompressor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.ultimateRefinery.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ultimate Refinery
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranus Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_uranusDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranus Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.uranusSpawner.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.uranusStoneBrickStairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.uranusStoneStairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.uranusStonefullslab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_uranusStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.uranusStonehalfslab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranus Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.venusGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Gravel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.venusSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.venusStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.venusStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.venusStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.venusStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.veunsDungeonBrick.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.explode.ExtraPlanets.volcanicRock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.door.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Angel Block
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chandelier
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Collector
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT Generator
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Peaceful Table
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Trading Post
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Trash Can
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Log
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.alveary.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.beehives.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.candle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.core.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.engine.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.factory.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.factory2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fences.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethanol
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Biomass
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Seed Oil
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Short Mead
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.logs.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.mail.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.pods.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.resources.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabs.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.soil.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stairs.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stump.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.explode.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.explode.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Arc Lamp
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Cheese
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Communications Dish
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel Loader
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Parachest
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Refinery
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE NASA Workbench
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spin Thruster
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit_Stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch_Stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Display Screen
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Creeper Egg
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Ice
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mars.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Walkway
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Walkway
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Walkway
fe.protection.explode.Genetics.advMachine.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.advMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.Genetics.machine.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence with Rope
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grc.naturaFenceRope.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence with Rope (%s)
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grc.netherBrickFenceRope.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence with Rope (Nether Brick)
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grccore.BlockFluidSaltWater.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Water
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grccore.salt_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Juice
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Silken Nectar
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Door
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceRope.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Fence with Rope
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.BiomesOPlenty.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.BiomesOPlenty.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Botania.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Botania.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Natura.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Natura.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Thaumcraft.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Thaumcraft.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BlockFluidHoney.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bee Hive
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead Must
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Brew Kettle
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Culture Jar
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mechanical Press
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mechanical Press
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fish Trap
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapes
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Juice
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ambrosia
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Port Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale Wort
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Hops
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidButterMilk.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Butter Milk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCream.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cream
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCurds.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk Curds
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidMilk.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidPasteurizedMilk.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pasteurized Milk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidRennet.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rennet
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidSkimMilk.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Skim Milk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidWhey.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Whey
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.ButterChurn.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Butter Churn
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Block
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheesePress.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Press
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseVat.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Vat
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.HangingCurds.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hanging Curds
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.0.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Kumis
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Kumis
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Kumis
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.3.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Kumis
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.4.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Kumis
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.5.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Vile Milk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Pancheon.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pancheon
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Thistle.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Thistle
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice Paddy
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake Moromi
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Accumulation Table
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinder
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Death Flower
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Decomposition Table
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE End Powder Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Goo
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderman Head
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Endium Block
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Endium Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Cluster
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Extraction Table
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Table
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Persegrit
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sphalerite
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Spooky Log
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stardust Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Transport Beacon
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Chest
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.explode.HatStand.hats.addon.hatstands.block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hat Stand
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockCable.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE blockCable.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockCrop.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockElectric.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockFoam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockHarz.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockITNT.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMetal.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockNuke.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE blockRubber.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockWall.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockWall.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRinfoFetch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.explode.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.explode.JABBA.barrel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Better Barrel
fe.protection.explode.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.explode.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame
fe.protection.explode.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.hive.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Apiary
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.manaAuraProvider.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mana Apiary Booster
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.visAuraProvider.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Apiary Booster
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounding Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Road
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Generator
fe.protection.explode.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.explode.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE BioFuel
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE RedNet Cable
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE DetCord
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertile Soil
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Meat
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Essence
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Slime
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Plastic
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sewage
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sludge
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Tank
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Book Binder
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Book Receptacle
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookstand
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Decay Effect
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ink Mixer
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lectern
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Link Modifier
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Star Fissure
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Link Portal
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Writing Desk
fe.protection.explode.Natura.BerryBush.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Blazerail.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Bluebells.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bluebells
fe.protection.explode.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Cloud.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.N_Crops.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherButton.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherLever.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Obelisk.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Saguaro.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Thornvines.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Thornvines
fe.protection.explode.Natura.bloodwood.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodwood
fe.protection.explode.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.maple.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.redwood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.sakura.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.tiger.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.redwood.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.sakura.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.floraleaves.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.florasapling.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.explode.Natura.heatsand.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Heat Sand
fe.protection.explode.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.planks.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.explode.Natura.redwood.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.maple.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.willow.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.tree.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.willow.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow
fe.protection.explode.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.explode.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.explode.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.explode.ObsidiPlates.ObsidianPressurePlate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bear Trap
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Big Button
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Placer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Breaker
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Cannon
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Canvas
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Donation Station
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Drawing Table
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fan
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Flag
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Egg
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grave
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Healer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Dropper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Can
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Path
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaffolding
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Block
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sprinkler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Target
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Trophy
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Bottler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Drain
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Shower
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Adapter
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cable
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.carpetedCapacitor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Disassembler
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Disk Drive
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Geolyzer
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Keyboard
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Microcontroller
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Net Splitter
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Converter
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Distributor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.print.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE 3D Print
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE 3D Printer
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rack
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Raid
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Relay
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Robot.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Robot
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Transposer
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Waypoint
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE PIM
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Selector
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sensor
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.advancedAirCompressor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Air Compressor
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.advancedLiquidCompressor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.advancedPressureTube.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Pressure Tube
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.aerialInterface.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Aerial Interface
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.airCannon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Cannon
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.airCompressor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Compressor
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.aphorismTile.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Aphorism Tile
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.assemblyController.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembly Controller
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.assemblyDrill.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembly Drill
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.assemblyIOUnit.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembly IO Unit
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.assemblyLaser.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembly Laser
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.assemblyPlatform.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembly Platform
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.burstPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Burst Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.chargingStation.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Charging Station
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.chopperPlant.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Chopper Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.compressedIronBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Compressed Iron
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.creativeCompressor.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Compressor
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.creeperPlant.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Creeper Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.diesel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Diesel
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.droneInterface.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Drone Interface
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.droneRedstoneEmitter.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.droneRedstoneEmitter.name
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.electricCompressor.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Compressor
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.electrostaticCompressor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrostatic Compressor
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.elevatorBase.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Base
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.elevatorCaller.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Caller
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.elevatorFrame.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Frame
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.enderPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.etchingAcid.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Etching Acid
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.fireFlower.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Flower
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.fluxCompressor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Compressor
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.flyingFlower.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Flying Flower
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.fuel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gasoline
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.gasLift.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gas Lift
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.heatSink.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Heat Sink
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.heliumPlant.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Helium Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.kerosene.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Kerosene
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.keroseneLamp.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Kerosene Lamp
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.keroseneLampLight.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.keroseneLampLight.name
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.lightningPlant.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lightning Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.liquidCompressor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.liquidHopper.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Hopper
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.lpg.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE LPG
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.lubricant.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lubricant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.oil.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Oil
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.omnidirectionalHopper.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Omnidirectional Hopper
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.plasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plasticBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.plasticMixer.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Mixer
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDoor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pneumatic Door
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDoorBase.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pneumatic Door Base
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDynamo.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pneumatic Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pneumatic Generator
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.potionPlant.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Potion Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberInterface.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Chamber Interface
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberValve.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Chamber Valve
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberWall.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pressureChamberWall.name
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.pressureTube.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Tube
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.programmableController.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Programmable Controller
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.programmer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Programmer
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.propulsionPlant.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Propulsion Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.rainPlant.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rain Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.refinery.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Refinery
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.repulsionPlant.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Repulsion Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.securityStation.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Security Station
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.sentryTurret.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sentry Turret
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.slimePlant.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.squidPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Squid Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.thermopneumaticProcessingPlant.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Thermopneumatic Processing Plant
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.universalSensor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Universal Sensor
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.uvLightBox.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE UV Light Box
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.vacuumPump.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Pump
fe.protection.explode.PneumaticCraft.vortexTube.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vortex Tube
fe.protection.explode.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.PortalMultiBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.barrel.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lily.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.lily.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.ore.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stone.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.cube.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.detector.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Creosote
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.frame.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.ore.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Residual Heat
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.signal.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.slab.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.stair.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Track
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.explode.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.RefinedRelocation.blockExtender.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockExtender.name
fe.protection.explode.RefinedRelocation.buffer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.buffer.name
fe.protection.explode.RefinedRelocation.filteringHopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtering Hopper
fe.protection.explode.RefinedRelocation.powerLimiter.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Limiter
fe.protection.explode.RefinedRelocation.relocationController.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Relocator Base
fe.protection.explode.RefinedRelocation.relocationPortal.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.relocationPortal.name
fe.protection.explode.RefinedRelocation.sortingBarrel.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sorting Barrel
fe.protection.explode.RefinedRelocation.sortingChest.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sorting Chest
fe.protection.explode.RefinedRelocation.sortingConnector.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sortingConnector.name
fe.protection.explode.RefinedRelocation.sortingIronChest.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sortingIronChest.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Energistics Connector
fe.protection.explode.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE RF Node
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Module Toggler
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cargo Manager
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cart Assembler
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE External Distributor
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Junction Rail
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Manager
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Detector
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Gate
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign Updater
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.explode.StevesWorkshop.production_table.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.Sync.Sync_ShellConstructor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Shell Constructor
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Drying Rack
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Casting Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Station
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glue Block
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Frying Pan
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hambone
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Landmine
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Forge
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE SDX
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Copper
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Glass
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Gold
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Invar
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Iron
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lead
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Silver
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Steel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glue
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Punji Stick
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Door
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Death
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Goo
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Space
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Old Urn
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.autoSorter.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicexploration:autoSorter.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.boundChest.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bound Jar
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Everburn Urn
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Brazier
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Think Tank
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemite
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Seroconverter
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lump of Brain
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Deep Crystal
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dust
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Eye Cluster
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Planar Gateway
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inspiratron
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Orb
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Orb
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Node Monitor
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Soulforge
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Metal Spike
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tooth
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Curative Vat
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Curative Vat
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.aspectAnalyzer.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Aspectalyzer
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Forcefield
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.golemConnector.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Connector
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.travelStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Paving Stair of Travel
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wardSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wardSlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Mana
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.explode.Translocator.translocator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoorVanished.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceLit.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CinderLog.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Log
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Block
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cicada
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Moonworm
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollber
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollvidr
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockIronwood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ironwood Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockKnightmetal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Knightmetal Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockTitanium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Titanium Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Controller
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Drive
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ME IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Interface
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.cfm.barstool.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.basin.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.basin.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bath1.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bath2.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bin.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bin.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.birdbath.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blender.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blender.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blindoff.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blindon.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chairstone.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chairwood.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.choppingboard.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.computer.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.computer.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cookiejar.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.couch.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.couch.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.counterdoored.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.countersink.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cup.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cup.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.curtainoff.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.curtainon.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.doorbell.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.electricfence.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.firealarmon.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.freezer.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.fridge.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.hedge.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.hey.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hey.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.lampoff.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.lampon.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.mailbox.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.microwave.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.microwave.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.nyan.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.oven.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Oven
fe.protection.explode.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.pattern.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.plate.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.present.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.present.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.printer.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.printer.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.showerbottom.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.showerheadon.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.showertop.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.stereo.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.stonepath.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tablestone.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tablewood.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tap.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tap.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.toaster.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.toilet.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tree.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tree.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tv.*                                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tv.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.washingmachine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.whitefence.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.amber.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.arcane.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.beacon.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Rune
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cloud.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.copperblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Copper
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dirt.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futura.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass2.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold2.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold_block.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.grimstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grimstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hex Plating
fe.protection.explode.chisel.holystone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice.*                                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron2.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron_block.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.leadblock.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lead
fe.protection.explode.chisel.leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.nation.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherrack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paperwall.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperwall
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.present.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Present
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.rebel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.road_line.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Road Lines
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.silverblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Silver
fe.protection.explode.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.steelblock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Steel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tallow.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical3.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical4.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.templeblock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.thaumium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tinblock.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch1.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch10.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch2.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch3.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch4.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch5.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch6.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch7.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch8.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch9.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tyrian.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tyrian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.explode.chisel.valentines.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Valentines Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.warningSign.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Warning Sign
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.explode.compacter.Cobbler.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.explode.compacter.Compacter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Compacter
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Audio Cable
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Camera
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Chat Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cipher Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector - Digital
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Radar
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Speaker
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Speech Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tape Drive
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.explode.denseores.block0.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.explode.denseores.block1.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.explode.doge.dogeBlock.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Doge Block
fe.protection.explode.doge.miningRig.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Rig
fe.protection.explode.eplus.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.eplus.arcane_inscriber.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.eplus.enchantment_book.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.explode.extracells.certustank.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.explode.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.explode.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.extracells.walrus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Walrus
fe.protection.explode.factorization.ArtifactForge.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Artifact Forge
fe.protection.explode.factorization.BlastBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blast Block
fe.protection.explode.factorization.BlastedBedrock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blasted Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.factorization.BlockMatcher.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Matcher
fe.protection.explode.factorization.ColossalBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.factorization:colossalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.factorization.DarkIronOre.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.factorization.FracturedBedrock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fractured Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.factorization.FzBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.factorization.FzBlockBarrel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.factorization.GargantuanBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Gargantuan Brick
fe.protection.explode.factorization.Lightair.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightair.name
fe.protection.explode.factorization.MantleRock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mantle Rock
fe.protection.explode.factorization.ResourceBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.factorization.ResourceBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.flansmod.armorBox.mwArmour.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mwArmour.name
fe.protection.explode.flansmod.armorBox.ww2Armour.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ww2Armour.name
fe.protection.explode.flansmod.flansWorkbench.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flansWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.flansmod.gunBox.american.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.american.name
fe.protection.explode.flansmod.gunBox.british.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.british.name
fe.protection.explode.flansmod.gunBox.german.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.german.name
fe.protection.explode.flansmod.gunBox.japanese.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.japanese.name
fe.protection.explode.flansmod.gunBox.modern.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.modern.name
fe.protection.explode.flansmod.gunBox.russian.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.russian.name
fe.protection.explode.flansmod.teamsSpawner.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.teamsSpawner.name
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.booster.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Booster
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.frame.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.frame2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.frame3.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.frame4.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.funkylocomotion:moving.name
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Slider
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutatron
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutagen
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Animal Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Apiary
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Beehive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Berry Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Churn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cutting Board
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Desert Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fish Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ground Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Herb Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.market.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Market
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Oven
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Date
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Goosberry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Barley Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Beet Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE White Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Celery Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Corn Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Date Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamington
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Leek Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Oats Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Okra Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Onion Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pavlova
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Peas Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Radish Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rye Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Presser
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Quern
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Ore
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Textile Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Garden
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AccioFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Accio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AccioFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Active Accio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AirCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AirshardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Shard Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AluminiumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Aluminium Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AlumiteCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Alumite Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.AmberCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ArditeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ardite Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.BlazeCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blaze Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.BlizzCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blizz Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.BronzeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bronze Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CertusQuartzCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ChickenCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chicken Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CoalCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CobaltCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ConductiveIronCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CopperCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CowCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cow Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CreeperCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Creeper Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CropBooster.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Growth Pulser
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CropBooster2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CropBooster2.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CropBooster3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CropBooster3.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnaceActive.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Active Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.DarkSteelCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.DiamondCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.DyeCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dye Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EarthCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Earth Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EarthshardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Earth Shard Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ElectricalSteelCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ElectrumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrum Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EmeraldCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EnderiumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderium Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EndermanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderman Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EnergeticAlloyCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.EntropyshardCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Entropy Shard Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ExperienceCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.FireCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.FireshardCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Shard Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.FluixCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.GhastCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghast Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.GlowstoneCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.GoldCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnaceActive.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Active Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.InvarCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Invar Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.IronCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.LapisCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.LeadCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lead Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.LumiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lumium Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ManasteelCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ManyullynCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.MinicioCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Minicio Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.MinicioOre.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Minicio Ore
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.MinicioOreEnd.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE End Minicio Ore
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.MinicioOreNether.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Minicio Ore
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.NatureCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nature Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.NetherCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.NickelCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nickel Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ObsidianCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.OrdershardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Order Shard Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.OsmiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmium Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.PeridotCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Peridot Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.PigCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pig Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.PlatinumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Platinum Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.PulsatingIronCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.QuartzCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.QuicksilverCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.RedstoneAlloyCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.RedstoneCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.RubberCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.RubyCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruby Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SaltpeterCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SapphireCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SheepCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sheep Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SignalumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Signalum Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SilverCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SkeletonCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SlimeCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SoulariumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Soularium Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SpiderCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spider Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SteelCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.SulfurCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.TerrasteelCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ThaumiumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.TinCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnaceActive.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Active Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.VibrantAlloyCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.WaterCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.WatershardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Shard Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.WitherCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.WitherProof.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wither Proof Block
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.WitherProofGlass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wither Proof Glass
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.YelloriteCrop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellorite Crop
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnaceActive.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Active Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.explode.magicalcrops.essence_storage.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.EssenceStone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Essence Stone
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceSquare.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceSquare2.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square3.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceSquare3.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceBrick2.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick3.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceBrick3.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.magicalcropsdeco.essence_small_brick.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EssenceSmallBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.air.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bed
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Booster Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverfish
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sewing Machine
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Summoning Altar
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.skullWall.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.explode.powersuits.tile.luxCapacitor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.powersuits.tile.tinkerTable.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.Chopper.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Chopper
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.ChopperDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Chopper
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.ChopperIron.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Chopper
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.ChopperStone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Chopper
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.Crafter.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Crafter
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.CrafterDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Crafter
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.CrafterIron.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Crafter
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.CrafterStone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Crafter
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.Farmer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Animal Farmer
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.FarmerDiamond.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Animal Farmer
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.FarmerIron.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Animal Farmer
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.FarmerStone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Animal Farmer
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.Generator.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Generator
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.GeneratorDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Generator
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.GeneratorIron.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Generator
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.GeneratorStone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Generator
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.Killer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Killer
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.KillerDiamond.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Killer
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.KillerIron.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Killer
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.KillerStone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Killer
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.Miner.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Miner
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.MinerDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Miner
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.MinerIron.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Miner
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.MinerStone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Miner
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.Planter.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planter
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.PlanterDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Planter
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.PlanterIron.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Planter
fe.protection.explode.progressiveautomation.PlanterStone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Planter
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.qblock.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Computer
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Automatic Observer
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumore.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Portal
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.generic_solid.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Generic Solid
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.generic_space.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Generic Space
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.maze_generator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Maze Generator
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.spawn_script.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spawn Script Block
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.structure_generator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Generator
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spawn_command.name
fe.protection.explode.statues.statues.showcase.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.statues.showcase.name
fe.protection.explode.statues.statues.statue.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.statues.statue.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Provider
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*    # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Provider
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.explode.witchery.altar.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar
fe.protection.explode.witchery.artichoke.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.explode.witchery.barrier.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrier
fe.protection.explode.witchery.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Beartrap
fe.protection.explode.witchery.belladonna.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Belladonna
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bramble.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brazier.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Brazier
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brew.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brewgas.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cactus.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.witchery.candelabra.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Candelabra
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.witchery.chalice.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chalice
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.clever.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffin
fe.protection.explode.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Critter Snare
fe.protection.explode.witchery.crystalball.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.explode.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sun Collector
fe.protection.explode.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.explode.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.explode.witchery.demonheart.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon Heart
fe.protection.explode.witchery.disease.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Disease
fe.protection.explode.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillery
fe.protection.explode.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillery
fe.protection.explode.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.explode.witchery.embermoss.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ember Moss
fe.protection.explode.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.force.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid
fe.protection.explode.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.explode.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic
fe.protection.explode.witchery.glintweed.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glint Weed
fe.protection.explode.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow Globe
fe.protection.explode.witchery.grassper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grassper
fe.protection.explode.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icedoor.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icefence.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Fence
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Gate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.iceslab.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icestairs.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icestockade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.explode.witchery.kettle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Kettle
fe.protection.explode.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.explode.witchery.leechchest.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Leech Chest
fe.protection.explode.witchery.light.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.lilypad.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mandrake.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mandrake
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mindrake.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Minedrake
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.explode.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.explode.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.witchery.placeditem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.plantmine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.explode.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Scarecrow
fe.protection.explode.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.silvervat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Vat
fe.protection.explode.witchery.slurp.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowbell.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowbell
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowslab.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.explode.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stockade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Torment Portal
fe.protection.explode.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Torment Stone
fe.protection.explode.witchery.trent.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.explode.witchery.vine.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Vine
fe.protection.explode.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Bramble
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wallgen.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.web.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Web
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Witches Oven
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Witches Oven
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchlog.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf Head
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolftrap
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wormwood.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wormwood
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.altar.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar of Light
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar of Light
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wraith Node
fe.protection.interact.*                                                                          # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Altar
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spell Conduit
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Incense Crucible
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Demon's Chest
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spell Table
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mimic Block
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Schematic Saver
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Teleposer
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Light
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Filled Socket
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Portal
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Socket
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Life Essence
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spectral Block
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spectral Container
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Speed Rune
fe.protection.interact.AdvancedMachines.blockAdvMachine.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.Aroma1997sDimension.aromicPortal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Portal
fe.protection.interact.Aroma1997sDimension.portalFrame.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Portal Frame
fe.protection.interact.Aroma1997sDimension.stickyOre.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Ore
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Stand
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Desk Bell
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Printing Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Typesetting Table
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.interact.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Leaves
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Stone
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bones.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crag Rock
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Dirt
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Flesh
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Flowering Vines
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gravestone
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Ice
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Sand
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Honey Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ivy
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Long Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Moss
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mud.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.petals.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plants.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Poison
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tree Moss
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Turnip
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Willow
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wisteria
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.altGrass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.altar.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Altar of Light
fe.protection.interact.Botania.avatar.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bellows.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bifrost.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.brewery.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.cocoon.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.distributor.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.interact.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.enchanter.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.flower.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.forestEye.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.hourglass.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.mushroom.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.Botania.openCrate.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.platform.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pool.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pool.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prism.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prism.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pump.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pump.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pylon.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.root.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.root.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.solidVine.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.spreader.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.starfield.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.storage.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.turntable.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.ceramic.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.flower.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.flowerbedNoWeed.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerbedNoWeed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.loam.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.loam.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.loamNoWeed.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.loamNoWeed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.plant.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plant.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.soil.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.soilNoWeed.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soilNoWeed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.stained.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Architect Table
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Builder
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Construction Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Filler
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Frame
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Electronic Library
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Quarry
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Land Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Path Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Oil
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Workbench
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chute
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Flood Gate
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Well
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Pipe
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pump
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Requester
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Zone Planner
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Laser
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Recipe Packager
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.interact.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.interact.CompactSolars.CompactSolarBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CompactSolar.name
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Networking Cable
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Computer
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Command Computer
fe.protection.interact.DefenseTech.explosives.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defense:explosives.name
fe.protection.interact.DefenseTech.machine.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defense:machine.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud Seed
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Combustion Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Conduit Connector
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ender IO
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Rail
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enderman Skull
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Farming Station
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Water
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hootch
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ingot Storage
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Panel
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Killer Joe
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Carpet
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Fence
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Gate
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Slab
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Stairs
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Wall
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Machine
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Power Monitor
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Spawner
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Reservoir
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT SAG Mill
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Binder
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stirling Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Tank
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Telepad Block
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Travel Anchor
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT The Vat
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Charger
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Zombie Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Concussion Charge
fe.protection.interact.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Confusing Charge
fe.protection.interact.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Charge
fe.protection.interact.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ectoplasm
fe.protection.interact.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.advancedFuelLoader.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Fuel Loader
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.advancedOxygenCompressor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.advanced_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.advancedRefinery.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Refinery
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.ashBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.callistoGravel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Callisto Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.ceresGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ceres Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.ceresStoneBrickStairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ceres Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.ceresStoneStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ceres Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.ceresStonefullslab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_ceresStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.ceresStonehalfslab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ceres Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.chargingBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Vehicle Charger
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.deimosGravel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Deimos Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.denseIce.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Ice
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.erisDungeonBrick.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Eris Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.erisGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Eris Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.erisSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.erisStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Eris Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.erisStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Eris Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.erisStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_erisStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.erisStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Eris Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.europaGravel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.fossil.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fossil Block
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.frozenNitrogen.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Frozen Nitrogen
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.frozen_water.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Frozen Water
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.ganymedeGravel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ganymede Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.glowstone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.iapetus.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iapetus.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.iapetusGravel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Iapetus Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.infected_water.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Infected Water
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.ioGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Io Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Jupiter Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Jupiter Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_jupiterDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jupiter Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.jupiterGravel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Jupiter Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.jupiterSpawner.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStoneBrickStairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jupiter Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStoneStairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jupiter Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStonefullslab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_jupiterStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStonehalfslab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Jupiter Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bBlueGrass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Kepler 22b Blue Grass
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bGrass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Kepler 22b Grass
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bInfectedGrass.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Kepler 22b Infected Grass
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bPurpleGrass.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Kepler 22b Purple Grass
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bRedGrass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Kepler 22b Red Grass
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bYellowGrass.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Kepler 22b Yellow Grass
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.liquid_caramel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Caramel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.liquid_chocolate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Chocolate
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.magma.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Magma
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.mercuryGravel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStoneBrickStairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStoneStairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStonefullslab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStonehalfslab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.methane.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Methane
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Neptune Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Neptune Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_neptuneDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Neptune Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.neptuneSpawner.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStoneBrickStairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Neptune Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStoneStairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Neptune Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStonefullslab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_neptuneStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStonehalfslab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Neptune Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.nitrogen.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.nitrogen_ice.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Nitrogen Ice
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.oberon.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oberon.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.oberonGravel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Oberon Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.orangeSand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sand
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.orangeSandstone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.phobosGravel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Phobos Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.plutoDungeonBrick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.plutoGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.plutoSpawner.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.plutoStoneBrickStairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.plutoStoneStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.plutoStonefullslab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_plutoStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.plutoStonehalfslab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.radio_active_water.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Radioactive Water
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.redSand.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sand
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.redSandstone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.rheaGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rhea Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.salt.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Ore
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Saturn Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Saturn Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_saturnDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Saturn Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.saturnGravel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Saturn Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.saturnSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.saturnStoneBrickStairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Saturn Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.saturnStoneStairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Saturn Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.saturnStonefullslab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_saturnStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.saturnStonehalfslab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Saturn Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.slimeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Block
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.advancedLaunchPad.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.advancedLaunchPadFull.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.callisto.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.callisto.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.ceres.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceres.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.coal_grit.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Grit
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.decorativeBlocks.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.decorative_blocks.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.decorativeBlocks2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.decorative_blocks2.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.deimos.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.deimos.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.diamond_grit.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Grit
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.emerald_grit.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Grit
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.eris.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.eris.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.europa.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.europa.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.ganymede.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ganymede.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.gold_grit.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Grit
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.io.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.io.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.iron_grit.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Grit
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.jupiter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jupiter.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22b.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bFlowers.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_flowers.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleLogs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_maple_logs.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleLogs2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_maple_logs2.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleSaplings.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bNewMapleLeaves.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bNewMapleLeaves2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bPlanks.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_planks.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.mercury.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mercury.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.neptune.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.neptune.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.phobos.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.phobos.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.pluto.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pluto.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.rhea.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rhea.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.saturn.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.saturn.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.solar.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solar.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.titan.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.titan.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT10.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 10 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT4.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 4 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT5.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 5 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT6.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 6 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT7.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 7 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT8.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 8 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT9.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 9 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.triton.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.triton.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.uranus.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.uranus.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tile.venus.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.venus.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.titanGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Titan Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.titania.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.titania.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.titaniaGravel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Titania Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.tritonGravel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Triton Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.ultimateFuelLoader.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ultimate Fuel Loader
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.ultimateOxygenCompressor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.ultimateRefinery.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ultimate Refinery
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Uranus Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Uranus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_uranusDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Uranus Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.uranusSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.uranusStoneBrickStairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Uranus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.uranusStoneStairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Uranus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.uranusStonefullslab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_uranusStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.uranusStonehalfslab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Uranus Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.venusGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Gravel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.venusSpawner.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.venusStoneBrickStairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.venusStoneStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.venusStonefullslab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.venusStonehalfslab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.veunsDungeonBrick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.interact.ExtraPlanets.volcanicRock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.door.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Angel Block
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chandelier
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mini-Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cursed Earth
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Marker
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Collector
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Quarry
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT TNT Generator
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magnum Torch
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Peaceful Table
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Clock
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Trading Post
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Trash Can
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Umbral Rose
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Star Block
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Log
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Planks
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wrath Cage
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.alveary.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.beehives.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.candle.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.core.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.engine.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.factory.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.factory2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fences.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ethanol
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Biomass
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Glass
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Crushed Ice
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Juice
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Oil
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Short Mead
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.logs.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.mail.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.pods.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.resources.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabs.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.soil.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stairs.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stump.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.interact.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.interact.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Arc Lamp
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Cheese
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Communications Dish
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel Loader
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Parachest
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT NASA Workbench
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solar.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spin Thruster
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit_Stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch_Stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Display Screen
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Creeper Egg
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Ice
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mars.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Walkway
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Walkway
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Walkway
fe.protection.interact.Genetics.advMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.advMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.Genetics.machine.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fence with Rope
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grc.naturaFenceRope.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fence with Rope (%s)
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grc.netherBrickFenceRope.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fence with Rope (Nether Brick)
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rope
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grccore.BlockFluidSaltWater.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Water
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grccore.salt_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Juice
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Silken Nectar
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Door
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceRope.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Fence with Rope
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.BiomesOPlenty.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.BiomesOPlenty.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Botania.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Botania.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Natura.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Natura.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Thaumcraft.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Thaumcraft.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BlockFluidHoney.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bee Hive
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mead Must
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Brew Kettle
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Culture Jar
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mechanical Press
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mechanical Press
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fish Trap
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grapes
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Trunk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Trunk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Juice
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ambrosia
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Port Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ale Wort
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Hops
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidButterMilk.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Butter Milk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCream.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cream
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCurds.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Milk Curds
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidMilk.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidPasteurizedMilk.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pasteurized Milk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidRennet.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rennet
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidSkimMilk.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Skim Milk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidWhey.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Whey
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.ButterChurn.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Butter Churn
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Block
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheesePress.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Press
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseVat.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Vat
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.HangingCurds.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hanging Curds
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Kumis
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Kumis
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Kumis
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Kumis
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Kumis
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Vile Milk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Pancheon.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pancheon
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Thistle.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Thistle
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rice Paddy
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Rice
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sake Moromi
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Accumulation Table
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cinder
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Death Flower
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Decomposition Table
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT End Powder Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Goo
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enderman Head
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Endium Block
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Endium Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cluster
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Extraction Table
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Table
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Persegrit
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sphalerite
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Spooky Log
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stardust Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Transport Beacon
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Void Chest
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.interact.HatStand.hats.addon.hatstands.block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hat Stand
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockCable.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT blockCable.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockCrop.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockElectric.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockFoam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockHarz.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockITNT.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT blockMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockNuke.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockRubber.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockWall.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockWall.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRinfoFetch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.interact.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.JABBA.barrel.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Better Barrel
fe.protection.interact.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.interact.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Frame
fe.protection.interact.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.hive.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Apiary
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.manaAuraProvider.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mana Apiary Booster
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.visAuraProvider.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Apiary Booster
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bounding Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cardboard Box
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Road
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Generator
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT BioFuel
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT RedNet Cable
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT DetCord
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fertile Soil
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Meat
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Essence
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Slime
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Plastic
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Wood
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sewage
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sludge
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Tank
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Book Binder
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Book Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bookstand
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Decay Effect
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ink Mixer
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lectern
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Link Modifier
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Star Fissure
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Link Portal
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Writing Desk
fe.protection.interact.Natura.BerryBush.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Blazerail.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Bluebells.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bluebells
fe.protection.interact.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Cloud.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.N_Crops.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherButton.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherLever.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Obelisk.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Saguaro.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Thornvines.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Thornvines
fe.protection.interact.Natura.bloodwood.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodwood
fe.protection.interact.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.maple.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.redwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.sakura.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.tiger.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.willow.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.redwood.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.sakura.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.floraleaves.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.florasapling.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.interact.Natura.heatsand.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Heat Sand
fe.protection.interact.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.planks.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.interact.Natura.redwood.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Soil
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.maple.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.tree.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.willow.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Willow
fe.protection.interact.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.interact.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.interact.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.interact.ObsidiPlates.ObsidianPressurePlate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Anvil
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bear Trap
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Big Button
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block Placer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block Breaker
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Item Cannon
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Donation Station
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Drawing Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fan
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Flag
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Egg
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grave
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Healer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Item Dropper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Can
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Mixer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Path
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Height Map Projector
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rope Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Scaffolding
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Block
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Target
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Trophy
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Village Highlighter
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT XP Bottler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT XP Drain
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT XP Shower
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Adapter
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cable
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.carpetedCapacitor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Disassembler
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Disk Drive
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Geolyzer
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Keyboard
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Microcontroller
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Motion Sensor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Net Splitter
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Power Converter
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Power Distributor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.print.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT 3D Print
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT 3D Printer
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rack
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Raid
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone I/O
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Relay
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Robot.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Robot
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Transposer
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Waypoint
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT PIM
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Item Selector
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sensor
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ticket Machine
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.advancedAirCompressor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Air Compressor
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.advancedLiquidCompressor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.advancedPressureTube.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Pressure Tube
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.aerialInterface.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Aerial Interface
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.airCannon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Air Cannon
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.airCompressor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Air Compressor
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.aphorismTile.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Aphorism Tile
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.assemblyController.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Assembly Controller
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.assemblyDrill.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Assembly Drill
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.assemblyIOUnit.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Assembly IO Unit
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.assemblyLaser.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Assembly Laser
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.assemblyPlatform.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Assembly Platform
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.burstPlant.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Burst Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.chargingStation.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Charging Station
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.chopperPlant.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Chopper Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.compressedIronBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Compressed Iron
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.creativeCompressor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Compressor
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.creeperPlant.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Creeper Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.diesel.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Diesel
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.droneInterface.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Drone Interface
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.droneRedstoneEmitter.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.droneRedstoneEmitter.name
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.electricCompressor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Compressor
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.electrostaticCompressor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Electrostatic Compressor
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.elevatorBase.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Base
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.elevatorCaller.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Caller
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.elevatorFrame.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Frame
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.enderPlant.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.etchingAcid.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Etching Acid
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.fireFlower.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Flower
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.fluxCompressor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Compressor
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.flyingFlower.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Flying Flower
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.fuel.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gasoline
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.gasLift.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gas Lift
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.heatSink.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Heat Sink
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.heliumPlant.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Helium Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.kerosene.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Kerosene
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.keroseneLamp.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Kerosene Lamp
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.keroseneLampLight.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.keroseneLampLight.name
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.lightningPlant.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lightning Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.liquidCompressor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.liquidHopper.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Hopper
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.lpg.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT LPG
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.lubricant.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lubricant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.oil.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Oil
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.omnidirectionalHopper.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Omnidirectional Hopper
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.plasticBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plasticBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.plasticMixer.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Mixer
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDoor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pneumatic Door
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDoorBase.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pneumatic Door Base
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDynamo.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pneumatic Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pneumatic Generator
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.potionPlant.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Potion Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberInterface.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Chamber Interface
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberValve.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Chamber Valve
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberWall.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pressureChamberWall.name
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.pressureTube.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Tube
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.programmableController.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Programmable Controller
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.programmer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Programmer
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.propulsionPlant.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Propulsion Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.rainPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rain Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.refinery.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.repulsionPlant.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Repulsion Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.securityStation.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Security Station
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.sentryTurret.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sentry Turret
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.slimePlant.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.squidPlant.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Squid Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.thermopneumaticProcessingPlant.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Thermopneumatic Processing Plant
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.universalSensor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Universal Sensor
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.uvLightBox.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT UV Light Box
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.vacuumPump.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Pump
fe.protection.interact.PneumaticCraft.vortexTube.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vortex Tube
fe.protection.interact.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.PortalMultiBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.barrel.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lily.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.lily.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.ore.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stone.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.cube.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.detector.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.frame.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.ore.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Residual Heat
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.signal.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.slab.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.stair.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Track
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.interact.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.RefinedRelocation.blockExtender.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockExtender.name
fe.protection.interact.RefinedRelocation.buffer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.buffer.name
fe.protection.interact.RefinedRelocation.filteringHopper.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Filtering Hopper
fe.protection.interact.RefinedRelocation.powerLimiter.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Power Limiter
fe.protection.interact.RefinedRelocation.relocationController.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Player Relocator Base
fe.protection.interact.RefinedRelocation.relocationPortal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.relocationPortal.name
fe.protection.interact.RefinedRelocation.sortingBarrel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sorting Barrel
fe.protection.interact.RefinedRelocation.sortingChest.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sorting Chest
fe.protection.interact.RefinedRelocation.sortingConnector.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sortingConnector.name
fe.protection.interact.RefinedRelocation.sortingIronChest.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sortingIronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Energistics Connector
fe.protection.interact.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT RF Node
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Module Toggler
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cargo Manager
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cart Assembler
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT External Distributor
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Junction Rail
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Manager
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block Detector
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block Gate
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Supplier
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Cable
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sign Updater
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.interact.StevesWorkshop.production_table.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.Sync.Sync_ShellConstructor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Shell Constructor
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Drying Rack
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Casting Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Station
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Slab Furnace
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glue Block
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Frying Pan
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hambone
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Landmine
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Forge
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT SDX
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Ender
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Alumite
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ardite
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Bronze
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Copper
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Electrum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Enderium
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Glass
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Gold
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Invar
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Iron
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lead
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lumium
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Nickel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Shiny
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Signalum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Silver
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Steel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Tin
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blood
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glue
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Slime
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bounce Pad
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Punji Stick
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Door
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hungry Chest
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Death
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Gas  
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Goo
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Space
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Old Urn
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Mirror
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.autoSorter.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicexploration:autoSorter.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.boundChest.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bound Jar
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Everburn Urn
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Everfull Urn
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Brazier
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Think Tank
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemite
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Seroconverter
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bone
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lump of Brain
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Deep Crystal
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dust
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Eye Cluster
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Planar Gateway
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inspiratron
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Light Orb
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Orb
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Node Monitor
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Beacon
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sieve
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Soulforge
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Metal Spike
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tooth
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Curative Vat
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Curative Vat
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Planar Boundary
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.aspectAnalyzer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Aspectalyzer
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Forcefield
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.golemConnector.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Connector
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Transvector Interface
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.travelStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Paving Stair of Travel
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wardSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wardSlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Glass
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Resonant Ender
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Mana
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Grid
fe.protection.interact.Translocator.translocator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Slab
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoorVanished.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceLit.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CinderLog.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Log
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Stalk
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Block
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cicada
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly Jar
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Moonworm
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thorn Rose
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Trollber
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Trollsteinn
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Trollvidr
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Uberous Soil
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Connector
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockIronwood.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ironwood Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockKnightmetal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Knightmetal Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockTitanium.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Titanium Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ME Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Condenser
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT ME Controller
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crank
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ME Drive
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ME IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Matrix Frame
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tiny TNT
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.cfm.barstool.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.basin.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.basin.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bath1.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bath2.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bin.*                                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bin.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.birdbath.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blender.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blender.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blindoff.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blindon.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chairstone.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chairwood.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.choppingboard.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.computer.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.computer.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cookiejar.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.couch.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.couch.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.counterdoored.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.countersink.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cup.*                                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cup.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.curtainoff.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.curtainon.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.doorbell.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.electricfence.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.firealarmon.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.freezer.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.fridge.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.hedge.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.hey.*                                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hey.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.lampoff.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.lampon.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.mailbox.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.microwave.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.microwave.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.nyan.*                                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.oven.*                                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Oven
fe.protection.interact.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.pattern.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.plate.*                                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.present.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.present.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.printer.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.printer.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.showerbottom.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.showerheadon.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.showertop.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.stereo.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.stonepath.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tablestone.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tablewood.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tap.*                                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tap.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.toaster.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.toilet.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tree.*                                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tree.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tv.*                                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tv.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.washingmachine.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.whitefence.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.amber.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Anti Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.arcane.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Chisel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.beacon.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Rune
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bronze
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Floor Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cloud.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.copperblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Copper
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dirt.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futura.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Circuit
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass2.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold2.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold_block.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.grimstone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grimstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.holystone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice.*                                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron2.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_block.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leadblock.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lead
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nation.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherrack.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.present.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Present
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.rebel.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rebellious Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.road_line.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Road Lines
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.silverblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Silver
fe.protection.interact.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.steelblock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Steel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tallow.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tallow
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical4.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.templeblock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.thaumium.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tinblock.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch1.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch10.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch2.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch3.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch4.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch5.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch6.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch7.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch8.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch9.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tyrian.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium
fe.protection.interact.chisel.valentines.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Valentines Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.warningSign.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Warning Sign
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Woolen Clay
fe.protection.interact.compacter.Cobbler.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.interact.compacter.Compacter.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Compacter
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Audio Cable
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Camera
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Chat Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cipher Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Detector - Digital
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Note Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Radar
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Speaker
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Speech Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tape Drive
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ticket Machine
fe.protection.interact.denseores.block0.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.interact.denseores.block1.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.interact.doge.dogeBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Doge Block
fe.protection.interact.doge.miningRig.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Rig
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                                     # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.eplus.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.eplus.arcane_inscriber.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.eplus.enchantment_book.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.interact.extracells.certustank.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.interact.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.interact.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.extracells.walrus.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Walrus
fe.protection.interact.factorization.ArtifactForge.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Artifact Forge
fe.protection.interact.factorization.BlastBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blast Block
fe.protection.interact.factorization.BlastedBedrock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blasted Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.factorization.BlockMatcher.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block Matcher
fe.protection.interact.factorization.ColossalBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.factorization:colossalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.factorization.DarkIronOre.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.factorization.FracturedBedrock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fractured Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.factorization.FzBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.factorization.FzBlockBarrel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.factorization.GargantuanBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Gargantuan Brick
fe.protection.interact.factorization.Lightair.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightair.name
fe.protection.interact.factorization.MantleRock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mantle Rock
fe.protection.interact.factorization.ResourceBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.factorization.ResourceBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.flansmod.armorBox.mwArmour.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mwArmour.name
fe.protection.interact.flansmod.armorBox.ww2Armour.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ww2Armour.name
fe.protection.interact.flansmod.flansWorkbench.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flansWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.flansmod.gunBox.american.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.american.name
fe.protection.interact.flansmod.gunBox.british.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.british.name
fe.protection.interact.flansmod.gunBox.german.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.german.name
fe.protection.interact.flansmod.gunBox.japanese.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.japanese.name
fe.protection.interact.flansmod.gunBox.modern.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.modern.name
fe.protection.interact.flansmod.gunBox.russian.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.russian.name
fe.protection.interact.flansmod.teamsSpawner.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.teamsSpawner.name
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.booster.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Booster
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame3.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame4.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.funkylocomotion:moving.name
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Slider
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT DNA Extractor
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid DNA
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Protein
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Animal Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Apiary
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Beehive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Berry Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Churn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cutting Board
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Desert Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fish Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gourd Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ground Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Herb Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Leafy Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.market.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Market
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Oven
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Almond
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Banana
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Date
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Durian
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fig
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Goosberry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lime
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mango
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Olive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Orange
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Peach
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pear
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Plum
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Almond Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Banana Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Barley Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Beet Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT White Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Green Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Red Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Black Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Celery Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Corn Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cotton Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Date Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Durian Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fig Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ginger Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Holiday Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lamington
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Leek Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mango Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Oats Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Okra Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Olive Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Onion Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pavlova
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Peach Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Peanut Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Peas Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Plum Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Radish Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rice Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rye Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Scallion Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Soybean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spinach Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tomato Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Turnip Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Presser
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Quern
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Ore
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sink.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stalk Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Textile Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Water Garden
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AccioFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Accio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AccioFurnaceActive.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Active Accio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AirCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Air Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AirshardCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Air Shard Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AluminiumCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Aluminium Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AlumiteCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Alumite Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.AmberCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ArditeCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ardite Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.BlazeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blaze Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.BlizzCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blizz Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.BronzeCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bronze Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CertusQuartzCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ChickenCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chicken Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CoalCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CobaltCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ConductiveIronCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CopperCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CowCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cow Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CreeperCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Creeper Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CropBooster.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Growth Pulser
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CropBooster2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CropBooster2.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CropBooster3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CropBooster3.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnaceActive.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Active Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.DarkSteelCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.DiamondCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.DyeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dye Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EarthCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Earth Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EarthshardCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Earth Shard Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ElectricalSteelCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ElectrumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Electrum Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EmeraldCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EnderiumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enderium Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EndermanCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enderman Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EnergeticAlloyCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.EntropyshardCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Entropy Shard Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ExperienceCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.FireCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.FireshardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Shard Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.FluixCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.GhastCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ghast Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.GlowstoneCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.GoldCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnaceActive.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Active Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.InvarCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Invar Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.IronCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.LapisCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.LeadCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lead Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.LumiumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lumium Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ManasteelCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ManyullynCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.MinicioCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Minicio Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.MinicioOre.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Minicio Ore
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.MinicioOreEnd.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT End Minicio Ore
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.MinicioOreNether.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Minicio Ore
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.NatureCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nature Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.NetherCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.NickelCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nickel Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ObsidianCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.OrdershardCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Order Shard Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.OsmiumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Osmium Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.PeridotCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Peridot Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.PigCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pig Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.PlatinumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Platinum Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.PulsatingIronCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.QuartzCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.QuicksilverCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.RedstoneAlloyCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.RedstoneCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.RubberCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.RubyCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SaltpeterCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SapphireCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SheepCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sheep Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SignalumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Signalum Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SilverCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SkeletonCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SlimeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SoulariumCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Soularium Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SpiderCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spider Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SteelCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.SulfurCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.TerrasteelCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ThaumiumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.TinCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnaceActive.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Active Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.VibrantAlloyCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.WaterCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Water Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.WatershardCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Water Shard Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.WitherCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.WitherProof.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wither Proof Block
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.WitherProofGlass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wither Proof Glass
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.YelloriteCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Yellorite Crop
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnaceActive.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Active Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.interact.magicalcrops.essence_storage.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.EssenceStone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Essence Stone
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceSquare.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceSquare2.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square3.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceSquare3.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceBrick2.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick3.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceBrick3.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_lamp.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.magicalcropsdeco.essence_small_brick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EssenceSmallBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.air.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bed
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Booster Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Silverfish
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sewing Machine
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Summoning Altar
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.skullWall.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.interact.powersuits.tile.luxCapacitor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.powersuits.tile.tinkerTable.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Chopper.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Chopper
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.ChopperDiamond.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Chopper
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.ChopperIron.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Chopper
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.ChopperStone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Chopper
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Crafter.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crafter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.CrafterDiamond.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Crafter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.CrafterIron.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Crafter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.CrafterStone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Crafter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Farmer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Animal Farmer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.FarmerDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Animal Farmer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.FarmerIron.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Animal Farmer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.FarmerStone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Animal Farmer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Generator.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Generator
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.GeneratorDiamond.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Generator
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.GeneratorIron.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Generator
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.GeneratorStone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Generator
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Killer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Killer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.KillerDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Killer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.KillerIron.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Killer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.KillerStone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Killer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Miner.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Miner
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.MinerDiamond.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Miner
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.MinerIron.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Miner
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.MinerStone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Miner
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Planter.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.PlanterDiamond.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Planter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.PlanterIron.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Planter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.PlanterStone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Planter
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.qblock.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Computer
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Automatic Observer
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumore.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Ore
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Ore
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Portal
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.generic_solid.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Generic Solid
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.generic_space.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Generic Space
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.maze_generator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Maze Generator
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.spawn_script.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spawn Script Block
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.structure_generator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Generator
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spawn_command.name
fe.protection.interact.statues.statues.showcase.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.statues.showcase.name
fe.protection.interact.statues.statues.statue.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.statues.statue.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*         # (default: true) INTERACT Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*      # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Provider
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*   # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Provider
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Alluring Skull
fe.protection.interact.witchery.altar.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Altar
fe.protection.interact.witchery.artichoke.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Water Artichoke
fe.protection.interact.witchery.barrier.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Barrier
fe.protection.interact.witchery.beartrap.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Beartrap
fe.protection.interact.witchery.belladonna.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Belladonna
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Crucible
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Poppy
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bramble.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brazier.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Brazier
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brew.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brewgas.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.witchery.candelabra.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Candelabra
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cauldron.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.witchery.chalice.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chalice
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circle.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Heart Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.clever.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Coffin
fe.protection.interact.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Critter Snare
fe.protection.interact.witchery.crystalball.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Ball
fe.protection.interact.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sun Collector
fe.protection.interact.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.interact.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.interact.witchery.demonheart.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Heart
fe.protection.interact.witchery.disease.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Disease
fe.protection.interact.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Distillery
fe.protection.interact.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Distillery
fe.protection.interact.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dream Weaver
fe.protection.interact.witchery.embermoss.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ember Moss
fe.protection.interact.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.force.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Solid
fe.protection.interact.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fume Funnel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic Garland
fe.protection.interact.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic
fe.protection.interact.witchery.glintweed.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glint Weed
fe.protection.interact.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glow Globe
fe.protection.interact.witchery.grassper.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grassper
fe.protection.interact.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icedoor.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icefence.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Fence
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Gate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.iceslab.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icestairs.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icestockade.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Infinity Egg
fe.protection.interact.witchery.kettle.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Kettle
fe.protection.interact.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Leaping Lily
fe.protection.interact.witchery.leechchest.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Leech Chest
fe.protection.interact.witchery.light.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.lilypad.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mandrake.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mandrake
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mindrake.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Minedrake
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror Surface
fe.protection.interact.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.interact.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.witchery.placeditem.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.plantmine.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.interact.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Scarecrow
fe.protection.interact.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.silvervat.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Vat
fe.protection.interact.witchery.slurp.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowbell.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Snowbell
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowslab.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spanish Moss
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Spirit Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Alder Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.interact.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stockade.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Torment Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Torment Stone
fe.protection.interact.witchery.trent.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Trent Effigy
fe.protection.interact.witchery.vine.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Vine
fe.protection.interact.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Void Bramble
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wallgen.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.web.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Web
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Witches Oven
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Witches Oven
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchlog.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwood.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Altar
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Head
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wolfsbane
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wolftrap
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wormwood.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wormwood
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.altar.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Altar of Light
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Altar of Light
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wraith Node
fe.protection.place.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blood Altar
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spell Table
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mimic Block
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Teleposer
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Light
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Filled Socket
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Demon Portal
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Empty Socket
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Block
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Container
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Speed Rune
fe.protection.place.AdvancedMachines.blockAdvMachine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.Aroma1997sDimension.aromicPortal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mining Portal
fe.protection.place.Aroma1997sDimension.portalFrame.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Portal Frame
fe.protection.place.Aroma1997sDimension.stickyOre.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Ore
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.place.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ash Stone
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bones.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crag Rock
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dried Dirt
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flowering Vines
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gravestone
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Sand
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Long Grass Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Moss
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.petals.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.plants.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Poison
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tree Moss
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turnip
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Willow
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wisteria
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.altGrass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.altar.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.place.Botania.avatar.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bellows.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bifrost.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.brewery.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.cocoon.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.distributor.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.place.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.enchanter.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.flower.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.forestEye.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.hourglass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.mushroom.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.Botania.openCrate.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.platform.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.place.Botania.pool.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prism.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pump.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pylon.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.root.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.root.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.solidVine.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.spreader.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.starfield.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.storage.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.turntable.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.ceramic.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.flower.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.flowerbedNoWeed.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerbedNoWeed.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.loam.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.loam.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.loamNoWeed.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.loamNoWeed.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.plant.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.soil.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.soil.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.soilNoWeed.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.soilNoWeed.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.stained.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Architect Table
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Builder
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Construction Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Filler
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Electronic Library
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Quarry
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Land Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Path Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fuel
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chute
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Flood Gate
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mining Well
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pump
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Requester
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Zone Planner
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Laser
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.place.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.place.CompactSolars.CompactSolarBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.CompactSolar.name
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Networking Cable
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Computer
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Command Computer
fe.protection.place.DefenseTech.explosives.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.defense:explosives.name
fe.protection.place.DefenseTech.machine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.defense:machine.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cloud Seed
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crafter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ender IO
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender Rail
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Farming Station
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fire Water
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hootch
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ingot Storage
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Killer Joe
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fence
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Gate
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Painted Slab
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Painted Wall
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Painting Machine
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Power Monitor
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Reservoir
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE SAG Mill
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soul Binder
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Telepad Block
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE The Vat
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.place.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.place.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Confusing Charge
fe.protection.place.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender Charge
fe.protection.place.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.place.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.advancedFuelLoader.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Fuel Loader
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.advancedOxygenCompressor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.advanced_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.advancedRefinery.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Refinery
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.ashBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.callistoGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Callisto Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.ceresGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.ceresStoneBrickStairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.ceresStoneStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.ceresStonefullslab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_ceresStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.ceresStonehalfslab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.chargingBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vehicle Charger
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.deimosGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Deimos Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.denseIce.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dense Ice
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.erisDungeonBrick.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Eris Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.erisGravel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Eris Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.erisSpawner.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.erisStoneBrickStairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Eris Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.erisStoneStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Eris Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.erisStonefullslab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_erisStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.erisStonehalfslab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Eris Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.europaGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Europa Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.fossil.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fossil Block
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.frozenNitrogen.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Nitrogen
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.frozen_water.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Water
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.ganymedeGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ganymede Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.glowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glowstone
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.iapetus.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.iapetus.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.iapetusGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iapetus Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.infected_water.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Infected Water
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.ioGravel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Io Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_jupiterDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.jupiterGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.jupiterSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_jupiterStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bBlueGrass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Blue Grass
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Grass
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bInfectedGrass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Infected Grass
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bPurpleGrass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Purple Grass
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bRedGrass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Red Grass
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bYellowGrass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Yellow Grass
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.liquid_caramel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Caramel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.liquid_chocolate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Chocolate
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.magma.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Magma
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.mercuryGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.methane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Methane
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_neptuneDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.neptuneSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_neptuneStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.nitrogen.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.nitrogen_ice.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Nitrogen Ice
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.oberon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.oberon.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.oberonGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oberon Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.orangeSand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sand
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.orangeSandstone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sandstone
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.phobosGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Phobos Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.plutoDungeonBrick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.plutoGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.plutoSpawner.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.plutoStoneBrickStairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.plutoStoneStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.plutoStonefullslab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_plutoStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.plutoStonehalfslab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.radio_active_water.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Radioactive Water
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.redSand.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Sand
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.redSandstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.rheaGravel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rhea Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.salt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_saturnDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.saturnGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.saturnSpawner.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.saturnStoneBrickStairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.saturnStoneStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.saturnStonefullslab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_saturnStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.saturnStonehalfslab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.slimeBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Slime Block
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.advancedLaunchPad.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.advancedLaunchPadFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.callisto.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.callisto.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.ceres.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceres.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.coal_grit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Coal Grit
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.decorativeBlocks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.decorative_blocks.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.decorativeBlocks2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.decorative_blocks2.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.deimos.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.deimos.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.diamond_grit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Grit
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.emerald_grit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Grit
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.eris.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.eris.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.europa.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.ganymede.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ganymede.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.gold_grit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gold Grit
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.io.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.io.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.iron_grit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Grit
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.jupiter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.jupiter.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22b.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bFlowers.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_flowers.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleLogs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_maple_logs.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleLogs2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_maple_logs2.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleSaplings.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bNewMapleLeaves.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bNewMapleLeaves2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bPlanks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_planks.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.mercury.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mercury.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.neptune.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.neptune.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.phobos.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.phobos.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.pluto.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pluto.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.rhea.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.rhea.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.saturn.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.saturn.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.solar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.titan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.titan.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT10.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tier 10 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tier 4 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT5.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tier 5 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT6.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tier 6 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT7.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tier 7 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT8.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tier 8 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT9.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tier 9 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.triton.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.triton.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.uranus.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.uranus.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tile.venus.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.venus.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.titanGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Titan Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.titania.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.titania.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.titaniaGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Titania Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.tritonGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Triton Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.ultimateFuelLoader.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ultimate Fuel Loader
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.ultimateOxygenCompressor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.ultimateRefinery.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ultimate Refinery
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_uranusDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.uranusSpawner.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.uranusStoneBrickStairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.uranusStoneStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.uranusStonefullslab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_uranusStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.uranusStonehalfslab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Venus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Venus Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.venusGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Venus Gravel
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.venusSpawner.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.venusStoneBrickStairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Venus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.venusStoneStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Venus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.venusStonefullslab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.venusStonehalfslab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Venus Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.veunsDungeonBrick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Venus Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.place.ExtraPlanets.volcanicRock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.door.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chandelier
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ender Collector
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE TNT Generator
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Peaceful Table
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trading Post
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Log
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.place.Forestry.alveary.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.beehives.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.candle.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.core.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.engine.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.factory.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.factory2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fences.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.place.Forestry.leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.logs.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.mail.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.planks.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.pods.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.resources.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabs.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.soil.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stairs.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stump.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.place.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.place.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Arc Lamp
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cheese
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Communications Dish
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Loader
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Parachest
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE NASA Workbench
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spin Thruster
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit_Stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch_Stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Display Screen
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Egg
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dense Ice
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mars.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.place.Genetics.advMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.advMachine.name
fe.protection.place.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.place.Genetics.machine.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.place.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fence with Rope
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grc.naturaFenceRope.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fence with Rope (%s)
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grc.netherBrickFenceRope.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fence with Rope (Nether Brick)
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rope
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grccore.BlockFluidSaltWater.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Salt Water
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grccore.salt_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apple Juice
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Silken Nectar
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Door
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceRope.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence with Rope
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.BiomesOPlenty.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.BiomesOPlenty.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Botania.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Botania.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Natura.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Natura.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Thaumcraft.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Thaumcraft.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BlockFluidHoney.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bee Hive
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mead Must
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Brew Kettle
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Culture Jar
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Press
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Press
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grapes
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grape Leaves
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grape Juice
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosia
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Port Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ale Wort
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hops
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidButterMilk.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Butter Milk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCream.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cream
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCurds.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Milk Curds
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidMilk.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidPasteurizedMilk.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Pasteurized Milk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidRennet.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rennet
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidSkimMilk.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Skim Milk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidWhey.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Whey
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.ButterChurn.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Butter Churn
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Block
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheesePress.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Press
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseVat.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Vat
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.HangingCurds.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hanging Curds
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.3.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.4.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.5.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Vile Milk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Pancheon.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pancheon
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Thistle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Thistle
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rice Paddy
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rice
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sake Moromi
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Divine Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Accumulation Table
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cinder
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Death Flower
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Decomposition Table
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE End Powder Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ender Goo
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Head
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Endium Block
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Endium Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cluster
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Extraction Table
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Experience Table
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Persegrit
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sphalerite
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spooky Log
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stardust Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Transport Beacon
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Void Chest
fe.protection.place.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.place.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.place.HatStand.hats.addon.hatstands.block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hat Stand
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockCable.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE blockCable.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockCrop.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockElectric.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockFoam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockHarz.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockITNT.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE blockMetal.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockNuke.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockRubber.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockWall.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockWall.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRinfoFetch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.place.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.place.JABBA.barrel.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Better Barrel
fe.protection.place.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.place.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.place.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.hive.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Magic Apiary
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.manaAuraProvider.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mana Apiary Booster
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.visAuraProvider.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vis Apiary Booster
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Generator
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE BioFuel
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE RedNet Cable
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE DetCord
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fertile Soil
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Meat
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Essence
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Plastic
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sewage
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Tank
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Book Binder
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Book Receptacle
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bookstand
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crystal
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Decay Effect
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ink Mixer
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lectern
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Link Modifier
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Star Fissure
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Link Portal
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Writing Desk
fe.protection.place.Natura.BerryBush.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Blazerail.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.Natura.Bluebells.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bluebells
fe.protection.place.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.Natura.Cloud.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.N_Crops.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherButton.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherLever.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.Obelisk.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Obelisk
fe.protection.place.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Saguaro.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.place.Natura.Thornvines.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thornvines
fe.protection.place.Natura.bloodwood.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood
fe.protection.place.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.maple.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Maple Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.redwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.sakura.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.tiger.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.willow.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Willow Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.redwood.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.sakura.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.floraleaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.florasapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.place.Natura.heatsand.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Heat Sand
fe.protection.place.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.planks.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.place.Natura.redwood.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.maple.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Maple Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.willow.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Willow Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.tree.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.willow.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Willow
fe.protection.place.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.place.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.place.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.place.ObsidiPlates.ObsidianPressurePlate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Scaffolding
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sky Block
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Adapter
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cable
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.carpetedCapacitor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Disk Drive
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Geolyzer
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Keyboard
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Microcontroller
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Net Splitter
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Power Converter
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Power Distributor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.print.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE 3D Print
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE 3D Printer
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rack
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Raid
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Robot.name
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Robot
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Waypoint
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE PIM
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Item Selector
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sensor
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.advancedAirCompressor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Air Compressor
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.advancedLiquidCompressor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.advancedPressureTube.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Pressure Tube
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.aerialInterface.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Aerial Interface
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.airCannon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Air Cannon
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.airCompressor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Air Compressor
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.aphorismTile.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aphorism Tile
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.assemblyController.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Controller
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.assemblyDrill.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Drill
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.assemblyIOUnit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Assembly IO Unit
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.assemblyLaser.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Laser
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.assemblyPlatform.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Platform
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.burstPlant.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Burst Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.chargingStation.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Charging Station
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.chopperPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chopper Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.compressedIronBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Compressed Iron
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.creativeCompressor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Creative Compressor
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.creeperPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.diesel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diesel
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.droneInterface.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Drone Interface
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.droneRedstoneEmitter.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.droneRedstoneEmitter.name
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.electricCompressor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Electric Compressor
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.electrostaticCompressor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Electrostatic Compressor
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.elevatorBase.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Base
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.elevatorCaller.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Caller
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.elevatorFrame.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Frame
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.enderPlant.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.etchingAcid.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Etching Acid
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.fireFlower.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fire Flower
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.fluxCompressor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Flux Compressor
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.flyingFlower.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Flying Flower
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.fuel.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gasoline
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.gasLift.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gas Lift
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.heatSink.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Heat Sink
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.heliumPlant.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Helium Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.kerosene.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Kerosene
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.keroseneLamp.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Kerosene Lamp
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.keroseneLampLight.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.keroseneLampLight.name
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.lightningPlant.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lightning Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.liquidCompressor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.liquidHopper.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Hopper
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.lpg.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE LPG
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.lubricant.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lubricant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.oil.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.omnidirectionalHopper.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Omnidirectional Hopper
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.plasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.plasticBlock.name
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.plasticMixer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Mixer
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Door
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDoorBase.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Door Base
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDynamo.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Dynamo
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Generator
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.potionPlant.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Potion Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberInterface.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Chamber Interface
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberValve.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Chamber Valve
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberWall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pressureChamberWall.name
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.pressureTube.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Tube
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.programmableController.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Programmable Controller
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.programmer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Programmer
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.propulsionPlant.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Propulsion Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.rainPlant.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rain Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.refinery.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.repulsionPlant.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Repulsion Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.securityStation.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Security Station
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.sentryTurret.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sentry Turret
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.slimePlant.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Slime Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.squidPlant.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Squid Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.thermopneumaticProcessingPlant.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Thermopneumatic Processing Plant
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.universalSensor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Universal Sensor
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.uvLightBox.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE UV Light Box
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.vacuumPump.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Pump
fe.protection.place.PneumaticCraft.vortexTube.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Tube
fe.protection.place.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.PortalMultiBlock.name
fe.protection.place.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.barrel.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lily.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.lily.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.ore.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.cube.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.detector.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.frame.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.ore.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Residual Heat
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.signal.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.slab.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.stair.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.place.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.place.RefinedRelocation.blockExtender.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockExtender.name
fe.protection.place.RefinedRelocation.buffer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.buffer.name
fe.protection.place.RefinedRelocation.filteringHopper.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Filtering Hopper
fe.protection.place.RefinedRelocation.powerLimiter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Power Limiter
fe.protection.place.RefinedRelocation.relocationController.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Player Relocator Base
fe.protection.place.RefinedRelocation.relocationPortal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.relocationPortal.name
fe.protection.place.RefinedRelocation.sortingBarrel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sorting Barrel
fe.protection.place.RefinedRelocation.sortingChest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sorting Chest
fe.protection.place.RefinedRelocation.sortingConnector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.sortingConnector.name
fe.protection.place.RefinedRelocation.sortingIronChest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.sortingIronChest.name
fe.protection.place.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energistics Connector
fe.protection.place.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE RF Node
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Module Toggler
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Manager
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cart Assembler
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE External Distributor
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Junction Rail
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Manager
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block Gate
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sign Updater
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.place.StevesWorkshop.production_table.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.Sync.Sync_ShellConstructor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Shell Constructor
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Drying Rack
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Station
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glue Block
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frying Pan
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hambone
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Landmine
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE SDX
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Invar
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glue
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slime Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Punji Stick
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dynamo
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Door
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Old Urn
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.autoSorter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicexploration:autoSorter.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.boundChest.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bound Jar
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Everburn Urn
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Soul Brazier
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Think Tank
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Alchemite
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Seroconverter
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bone
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Brain
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Deep Crystal
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dust
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Eye Cluster
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Planar Gateway
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inspiratron
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Node Monitor
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soulforge
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Metal Spike
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tooth
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.aspectAnalyzer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Aspectalyzer
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.golemConnector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Golem Connector
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.travelStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Paving Stair of Travel
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.wardSlab.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.wardSlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Primal Mana
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.place.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.place.Translocator.translocator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoorVanished.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceLit.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CinderLog.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockIronwood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ironwood Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockKnightmetal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Knightmetal Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockTitanium.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Titanium Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                               # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                            # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.cfm.barstool.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.basin.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.basin.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bath1.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bath2.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bin.*                                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bin.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.birdbath.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.blender.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blender.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.blindoff.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.blindon.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.chairstone.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.chairwood.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.choppingboard.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.computer.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.computer.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.cookiejar.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.couch.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.couch.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.counterdoored.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.countersink.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.cup.*                                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.cup.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.curtainoff.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.curtainon.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.doorbell.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.electricfence.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.firealarmon.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.freezer.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.fridge.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.hedge.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.hey.*                                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.hey.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.lampoff.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.lampon.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.mailbox.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.microwave.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.microwave.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.nyan.*                                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.oven.*                                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.place.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.pattern.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.plate.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.plate.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.present.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.present.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.printer.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.printer.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.showerbottom.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.showerheadon.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.showertop.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.stereo.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.stonepath.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tablestone.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tablewood.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tap.*                                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tap.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.toaster.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.toilet.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tree.*                                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tree.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tv.*                                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tv.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.washingmachine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.whitefence.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.place.chisel.amber.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.arcane.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.place.chisel.beacon.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Rune
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brick Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.cloud.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.copperblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.place.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.dirt.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futura.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass2.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold2.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold_block.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gold Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.grimstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grimstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.holystone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron2.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_block.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.leadblock.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.place.chisel.leaves.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nation.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherrack.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.present.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.rebel.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.road_line.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Road Lines
fe.protection.place.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.silverblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.place.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.steelblock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.place.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.tallow.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical4.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.templeblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.thaumium.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.tinblock.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch1.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch10.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch2.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch3.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch4.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch5.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch6.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch7.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch8.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch9.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.tyrian.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.place.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.place.chisel.valentines.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Valentines Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.warningSign.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Warning Sign
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.place.compacter.Cobbler.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.place.compacter.Compacter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Compacter
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Audio Cable
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Camera
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cipher Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Detector - Digital
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Radar
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Speech Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tape Drive
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.place.denseores.block0.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.place.denseores.block1.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.place.doge.dogeBlock.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Doge Block
fe.protection.place.doge.miningRig.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mining Rig
fe.protection.place.eplus.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.eplus.arcane_inscriber.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Inscriber
fe.protection.place.eplus.enchantment_book.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.place.extracells.certustank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.place.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.place.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.extracells.walrus.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Walrus
fe.protection.place.factorization.ArtifactForge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Artifact Forge
fe.protection.place.factorization.BlastBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blast Block
fe.protection.place.factorization.BlastedBedrock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blasted Bedrock
fe.protection.place.factorization.BlockMatcher.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block Matcher
fe.protection.place.factorization.ColossalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.factorization:colossalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.factorization.DarkIronOre.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.factorization.FracturedBedrock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fractured Bedrock
fe.protection.place.factorization.FzBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.factorization.FzBlockBarrel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.factorization.GargantuanBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gargantuan Brick
fe.protection.place.factorization.Lightair.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightair.name
fe.protection.place.factorization.MantleRock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mantle Rock
fe.protection.place.factorization.ResourceBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.factorization.ResourceBlock.name
fe.protection.place.flansmod.armorBox.mwArmour.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mwArmour.name
fe.protection.place.flansmod.armorBox.ww2Armour.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ww2Armour.name
fe.protection.place.flansmod.flansWorkbench.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flansWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.flansmod.gunBox.american.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.american.name
fe.protection.place.flansmod.gunBox.british.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.british.name
fe.protection.place.flansmod.gunBox.german.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.german.name
fe.protection.place.flansmod.gunBox.japanese.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.japanese.name
fe.protection.place.flansmod.gunBox.modern.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.modern.name
fe.protection.place.flansmod.gunBox.russian.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.russian.name
fe.protection.place.flansmod.teamsSpawner.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.teamsSpawner.name
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.booster.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Frame Booster
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame4.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.funkylocomotion:moving.name
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Frame Slider
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.place.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.place.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Animal Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Berry Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Churn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Desert Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grass Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ground Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Herb Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.market.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Goosberry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Barley Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Beet Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Celery Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Corn Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grape Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leek Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oats Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Okra Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Onion Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Peas Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Radish Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rice Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rye Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quern
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Textile Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Garden
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AccioFurnace.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Accio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AccioFurnaceActive.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Active Accio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AirCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Air Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AirshardCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Air Shard Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AluminiumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Aluminium Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AlumiteCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alumite Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.AmberCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Amber Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ArditeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ardite Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.BlazeCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.BlizzCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blizz Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.BronzeCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CertusQuartzCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ChickenCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chicken Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CoalCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Coal Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CobaltCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ConductiveIronCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CopperCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Copper Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CowCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cow Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CreeperCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CropBooster.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Growth Pulser
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CropBooster2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.CropBooster2.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CropBooster3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.CropBooster3.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnace.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnaceActive.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Active Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.DarkSteelCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.DiamondCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.DyeCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dye Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EarthCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Earth Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EarthshardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Earth Shard Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ElectricalSteelCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ElectrumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Electrum Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EmeraldCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EnderiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enderium Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EndermanCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EnergeticAlloyCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.EntropyshardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Entropy Shard Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ExperienceCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Experience Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.FireCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fire Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.FireshardCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fire Shard Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.FluixCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.GhastCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ghast Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.GlowstoneCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.GoldCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gold Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Active Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.InvarCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Invar Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.IronCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.LapisCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.LeadCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lead Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.LumiumCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lumium Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ManasteelCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ManyullynCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.MinicioCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Minicio Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.MinicioOre.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Minicio Ore
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.MinicioOreEnd.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE End Minicio Ore
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.MinicioOreNether.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Minicio Ore
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.NatureCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nature Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.NetherCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.NickelCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nickel Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ObsidianCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.OrdershardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Order Shard Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.OsmiumCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Osmium Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.PeridotCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Peridot Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.PigCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pig Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.PlatinumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Platinum Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.PulsatingIronCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.QuartzCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.QuicksilverCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.RedstoneAlloyCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.RedstoneCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.RubberCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.RubyCrop.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SaltpeterCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SapphireCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SheepCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sheep Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SignalumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Signalum Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SilverCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Silver Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SkeletonCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SlimeCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Slime Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SoulariumCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Soularium Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SpiderCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spider Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SteelCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Steel Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.SulfurCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.TerrasteelCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ThaumiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.TinCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tin Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnaceActive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Active Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.VibrantAlloyCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.WaterCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Water Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.WatershardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Water Shard Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.WitherCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.WitherProof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wither Proof Block
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.WitherProofGlass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wither Proof Glass
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.YelloriteCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yellorite Crop
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Active Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.place.magicalcrops.essence_storage.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceStorage.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.EssenceStone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Essence Stone
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSquare.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSquare2.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square3.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSquare3.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBlock.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBrick.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBrick2.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBrick3.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceLamp.name
fe.protection.place.magicalcropsdeco.essence_small_brick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSmallBrick.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Silverfish
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.place.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.place.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sewing Machine
fe.protection.place.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Summoning Altar
fe.protection.place.necromancy.skullWall.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.place.powersuits.tile.luxCapacitor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.place.powersuits.tile.tinkerTable.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Chopper.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Chopper
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.ChopperDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Chopper
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.ChopperIron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Chopper
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.ChopperStone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stone Chopper
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Crafter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crafter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.CrafterDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Crafter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.CrafterIron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Crafter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.CrafterStone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stone Crafter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Farmer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Animal Farmer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.FarmerDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Animal Farmer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.FarmerIron.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Animal Farmer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.FarmerStone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone Animal Farmer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Generator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Generator
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.GeneratorDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Generator
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.GeneratorIron.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Generator
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.GeneratorStone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Generator
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Killer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Killer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.KillerDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Killer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.KillerIron.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Killer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.KillerStone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone Killer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Miner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Miner
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.MinerDiamond.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Miner
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.MinerIron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Iron Miner
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.MinerStone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone Miner
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Planter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.PlanterDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Planter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.PlanterIron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Planter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.PlanterStone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stone Planter
fe.protection.place.qCraft.qblock.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Computer
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Observer
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumore.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Portal
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.generic_solid.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Generic Solid
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.generic_space.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Generic Space
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.maze_generator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Maze Generator
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.spawn_script.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spawn Script Block
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.structure_generator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Structure Generator
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawn_command.name
fe.protection.place.statues.statues.showcase.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.statues.showcase.name
fe.protection.place.statues.statues.statue.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.statues.statue.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*            # (default: true) PLACE Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*         # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*               # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Provider
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*      # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*               # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Provider
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*             # (default: true) PLACE Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.place.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.place.witchery.altar.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.place.witchery.artichoke.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.place.witchery.barrier.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.place.witchery.beartrap.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Beartrap
fe.protection.place.witchery.belladonna.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Belladonna
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.place.witchery.bramble.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brazier.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Brazier
fe.protection.place.witchery.brew.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brewgas.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.cactus.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.witchery.candelabra.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.place.witchery.cauldron.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.place.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.witchery.chalice.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chalice
fe.protection.place.witchery.circle.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.clever.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coffin
fe.protection.place.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Critter Snare
fe.protection.place.witchery.crystalball.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.place.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sun Collector
fe.protection.place.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.place.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.place.witchery.demonheart.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Demon Heart
fe.protection.place.witchery.disease.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Disease
fe.protection.place.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.place.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.place.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.place.witchery.embermoss.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ember Moss
fe.protection.place.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.place.witchery.force.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Solid
fe.protection.place.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.place.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.place.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Garlic
fe.protection.place.witchery.glintweed.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glint Weed
fe.protection.place.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glow Globe
fe.protection.place.witchery.grassper.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grassper
fe.protection.place.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.place.witchery.icedoor.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.icefence.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Fence
fe.protection.place.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Gate
fe.protection.place.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.iceslab.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.icestairs.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.icestockade.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.place.witchery.kettle.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Kettle
fe.protection.place.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.place.witchery.leechchest.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leech Chest
fe.protection.place.witchery.light.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.lilypad.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.place.witchery.mandrake.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mandrake
fe.protection.place.witchery.mindrake.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Minedrake
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.place.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.place.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.witchery.placeditem.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.plantmine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.place.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.place.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.silvervat.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Silver Vat
fe.protection.place.witchery.slurp.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowbell.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snowbell
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowslab.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snow Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.place.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.place.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.place.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.place.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.place.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.place.witchery.stockade.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Torment Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Torment Stone
fe.protection.place.witchery.trent.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.place.witchery.vine.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vine
fe.protection.place.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Void Bramble
fe.protection.place.witchery.wallgen.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.web.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Web
fe.protection.place.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchlog.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Head
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wolftrap
fe.protection.place.witchery.wormwood.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wormwood
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.altar.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wraith Node
fe.protection.trample.*                                                                           # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blood Altar
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spell Table
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mimic Block
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Teleposer
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Light
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Filled Socket
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Demon Portal
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Empty Socket
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Block
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Container
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Speed Rune
fe.protection.trample.AdvancedMachines.blockAdvMachine.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.Aroma1997sDimension.aromicPortal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mining Portal
fe.protection.trample.Aroma1997sDimension.portalFrame.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Portal Frame
fe.protection.trample.Aroma1997sDimension.stickyOre.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Ore
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodClock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodcase.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWooddesk.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodrack.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsBoP.BiblioWoodtable.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.trample.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.trample.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ash Stone
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bones.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crag Rock
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dried Dirt
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flowering Vines
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.fruitBop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fruitBop.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gravestone
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Sand
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.lilyBop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilyBop.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Long Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Moss
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.newBopFarmland.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopFarmland.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.petals.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.plants.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Poison
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tree Moss
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Turnip
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Willow
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wisteria
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.altGrass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.altar.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.trample.Botania.avatar.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bellows.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bifrost.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.brewery.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.cocoon.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.distributor.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.trample.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.enchanter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.flower.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.forestEye.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.hourglass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.mushroom.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.Botania.openCrate.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.platform.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pool.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prism.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pump.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pylon.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.root.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.root.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.solidVine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.spreader.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.starfield.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.storage.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.turntable.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.ceramic.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.flower.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.flowerbedNoWeed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerbedNoWeed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.loam.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.loam.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.loamNoWeed.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.loamNoWeed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.plant.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.soil.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.soilNoWeed.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.soilNoWeed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botany.stained.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Architect Table
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Builder
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Construction Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Filler
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Electronic Library
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quarry
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Land Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Path Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fuel
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chute
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Flood Gate
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mining Well
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pump
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Requester
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Zone Planner
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Laser
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.trample.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.trample.CompactSolars.CompactSolarBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.CompactSolar.name
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Networking Cable
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Computer
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Command Computer
fe.protection.trample.DefenseTech.explosives.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.defense:explosives.name
fe.protection.trample.DefenseTech.machine.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.defense:machine.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cloud Seed
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crafter
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender IO
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender Rail
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Farming Station
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fire Water
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hootch
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ingot Storage
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockInhibitorObelisk.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockInhibitorObelisk.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockInventoryPanel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Killer Joe
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockLiquid_sunshine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fence
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Painted Gate
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Slab
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Wall
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Painting Machine
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Power Monitor
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Reservoir
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE SAG Mill
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soul Binder
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockTelePad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Telepad Block
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE The Vat
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockWeatherObelisk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.trample.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.trample.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.trample.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Confusing Charge
fe.protection.trample.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ender Charge
fe.protection.trample.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.trample.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.advancedFuelLoader.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Fuel Loader
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.advancedOxygenCompressor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.advanced_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.advancedRefinery.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Refinery
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.ashBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.callistoGravel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Callisto Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.ceresGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.ceresStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.ceresStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.ceresStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_ceresStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.ceresStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.chargingBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Vehicle Charger
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.deimosGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Deimos Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.denseIce.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dense Ice
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.erisDungeonBrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Eris Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.erisGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Eris Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.erisSpawner.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.erisStoneBrickStairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Eris Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.erisStoneStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Eris Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.erisStonefullslab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_erisStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.erisStonehalfslab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Eris Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.europaGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Europa Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.fossil.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fossil Block
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.frozenNitrogen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Nitrogen
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.frozen_water.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Water
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.ganymedeGravel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ganymede Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.glowstone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.iapetus.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.iapetus.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.iapetusGravel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Iapetus Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.infected_water.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Infected Water
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.ioGravel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Io Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_jupiterDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.jupiterDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.jupiterGravel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.jupiterSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStoneBrickStairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStoneStairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStonefullslab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_jupiterStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.jupiterStonehalfslab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bBlueGrass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Blue Grass
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bGrass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Grass
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bInfectedGrass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Infected Grass
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bPurpleGrass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Purple Grass
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bRedGrass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Red Grass
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.kepler22bYellowGrass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Yellow Grass
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.liquid_caramel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Caramel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.liquid_chocolate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Chocolate
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.magma.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Magma
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.mercuryGravel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStoneBrickStairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStoneStairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStonefullslab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.mercuryStonehalfslab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.methane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Methane
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_neptuneDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.neptuneDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.neptuneSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStoneBrickStairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStoneStairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStonefullslab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_neptuneStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.neptuneStonehalfslab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.nitrogen.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.nitrogen_ice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Nitrogen Ice
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.oberon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.oberon.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.oberonGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oberon Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.orangeSand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sand
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.orangeSandstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.phobosGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Phobos Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.plutoDungeonBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.plutoGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.plutoSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.plutoStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.plutoStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.plutoStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_plutoStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.plutoStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.radio_active_water.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Radioactive Water
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.redSand.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Sand
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.redSandstone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.rheaGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rhea Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.salt.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_saturnDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.saturnDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.saturnGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.saturnSpawner.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.saturnStoneBrickStairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.saturnStoneStairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.saturnStonefullslab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_saturnStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.saturnStonehalfslab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.slimeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Slime Block
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.advancedLaunchPad.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.advancedLaunchPadFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.callisto.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.callisto.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.ceres.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceres.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.coal_grit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Coal Grit
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.decorativeBlocks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.decorative_blocks.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.decorativeBlocks2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.decorative_blocks2.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.deimos.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.deimos.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.diamond_grit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Grit
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.emerald_grit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Grit
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.eris.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.eris.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.europa.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.ganymede.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ganymede.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.gold_grit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gold Grit
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.io.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.io.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.iron_grit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Iron Grit
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.jupiter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.jupiter.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22b.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bFlowers.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_flowers.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleLogs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_maple_logs.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleLogs2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_maple_logs2.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bMapleSaplings.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bNewMapleLeaves.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bNewMapleLeaves2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.kepler22bPlanks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_planks.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.mercury.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mercury.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.neptune.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.neptune.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.phobos.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.phobos.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.pluto.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pluto.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.rhea.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.rhea.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.saturn.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.saturn.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.solar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.titan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.titan.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT10.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tier 10 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tier 4 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT5.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tier 5 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT6.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tier 6 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT7.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tier 7 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT8.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tier 8 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.treasureChestT9.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tier 9 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.triton.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.triton.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.uranus.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.uranus.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tile.venus.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.venus.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.titanGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Titan Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.titania.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.titania.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.titaniaGravel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Titania Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.tritonGravel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Triton Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.ultimateFuelLoader.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ultimate Fuel Loader
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.ultimateOxygenCompressor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.ultimateRefinery.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ultimate Refinery
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_uranusDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.uranusDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.uranusSpawner.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.uranusStoneBrickStairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.uranusStoneStairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.uranusStonefullslab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_uranusStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.uranusStonehalfslab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStoneStairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Venus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStonefullslab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryDungeonBrickStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.venusDungeonBrickStonehalfslab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Venus Dungeon Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.venusGravel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Venus Gravel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.venusSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.venusStoneBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Venus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.venusStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Venus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.venusStonefullslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraPlanets_mercuryStoneBlockfullslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.venusStonehalfslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Venus Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.veunsDungeonBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Venus Dungeon Brick
fe.protection.trample.ExtraPlanets.volcanicRock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.door.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chandelier
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ender Collector
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE TNT Generator
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Peaceful Table
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Trading Post
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Log
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.alveary.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.beehives.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.candle.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.core.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.engine.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.factory.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.factory2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fences.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.logs.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.mail.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.pods.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.resources.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabs.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.soil.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stairs.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stump.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.trample.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.trample.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Arc Lamp
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cheese
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Communications Dish
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Loader
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Parachest
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE NASA Workbench
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spin Thruster
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit_Stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch_Stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Display Screen
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Egg
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dense Ice
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mars.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.trample.Genetics.advMachine.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.advMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.Genetics.machine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fence with Rope
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft.grc.naturaFenceRope.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence with Rope (%s)
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft.grc.netherBrickFenceRope.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fence with Rope (Nether Brick)
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rope
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft.grccore.BlockFluidSaltWater.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Salt Water
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft.grccore.salt_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apple Juice
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silken Nectar
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Door
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceRope.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence with Rope
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.BiomesOPlenty.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.BiomesOPlenty.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Botania.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Botania.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Natura.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Natura.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Thaumcraft.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Thaumcraft.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BlockFluidHoney.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bee Hive
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mead Must
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Brew Kettle
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Culture Jar
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Press
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Press
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grapes
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grape Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grape Juice
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosia
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Port Wine
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ale Wort
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Hops
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidButterMilk.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Butter Milk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCream.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cream
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCurds.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Milk Curds
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidMilk.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidPasteurizedMilk.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Pasteurized Milk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidRennet.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rennet
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidSkimMilk.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Skim Milk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidWhey.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Whey
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.ButterChurn.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Butter Churn
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Block
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheesePress.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Press
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseVat.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Vat
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.HangingCurds.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hanging Curds
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.4.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.5.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vile Milk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Pancheon.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pancheon
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Thistle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Thistle
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rice Paddy
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rice
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sake Moromi
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Divine Sake
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Accumulation Table
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cinder
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Death Flower
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Decomposition Table
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE End Powder Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ender Goo
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Head
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Endium Block
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Endium Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cluster
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Extraction Table
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Experience Table
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Persegrit
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sphalerite
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Spooky Log
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stardust Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Transport Beacon
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Void Chest
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.trample.HatStand.hats.addon.hatstands.block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hat Stand
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockCable.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockCable.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockCrop.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockElectric.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockFoam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockHarz.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockITNT.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockMetal.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockNuke.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockRubber.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockWall.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockWall.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.NC-BRinfoFetch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.trample.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.trample.JABBA.barrel.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Better Barrel
fe.protection.trample.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.trample.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.trample.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.hive.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Magic Apiary
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.manaAuraProvider.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mana Apiary Booster
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.visAuraProvider.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vis Apiary Booster
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Generator
fe.protection.trample.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.trample.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE BioFuel
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE RedNet Cable
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE DetCord
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fertile Soil
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Meat
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Essence
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Plastic
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sewage
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Tank
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Book Binder
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Book Receptacle
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bookstand
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crystal
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Decay Effect
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ink Mixer
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lectern
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Link Modifier
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Star Fissure
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Link Portal
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Writing Desk
fe.protection.trample.Natura.BerryBush.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Blazerail.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Bluebells.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bluebells
fe.protection.trample.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Cloud.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.N_Crops.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherButton.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherLever.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Obelisk.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Saguaro.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Thornvines.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thornvines
fe.protection.trample.Natura.bloodwood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood
fe.protection.trample.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.maple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.redwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.sakura.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.tiger.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.willow.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Willow Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.redwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.sakura.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.floraleaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.florasapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.trample.Natura.heatsand.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Heat Sand
fe.protection.trample.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.planks.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.trample.Natura.redwood.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.maple.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Maple Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.willow.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Willow Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.tree.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.willow.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Willow
fe.protection.trample.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.trample.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.trample.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.trample.ObsidiPlates.ObsidianPressurePlate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Scaffolding
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sky Block
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Adapter
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cable
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.carpetedCapacitor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Disk Drive
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Geolyzer
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Keyboard
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Microcontroller
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Net Splitter
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Power Converter
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Power Distributor
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.print.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE 3D Print
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE 3D Printer
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rack
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Raid
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Robot.name
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Robot
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Waypoint
fe.protection.trample.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.trample.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.trample.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE PIM
fe.protection.trample.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Item Selector
fe.protection.trample.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sensor
fe.protection.trample.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.advancedAirCompressor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Air Compressor
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.advancedLiquidCompressor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.advancedPressureTube.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Pressure Tube
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.aerialInterface.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Aerial Interface
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.airCannon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Air Cannon
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.airCompressor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Air Compressor
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.aphorismTile.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Aphorism Tile
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.assemblyController.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Controller
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.assemblyDrill.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Drill
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.assemblyIOUnit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Assembly IO Unit
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.assemblyLaser.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Laser
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.assemblyPlatform.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Platform
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.burstPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Burst Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.chargingStation.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Charging Station
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.chopperPlant.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Chopper Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.compressedIronBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Compressed Iron
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.creativeCompressor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Creative Compressor
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.creeperPlant.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.diesel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diesel
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.droneInterface.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Drone Interface
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.droneRedstoneEmitter.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.droneRedstoneEmitter.name
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.electricCompressor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Electric Compressor
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.electrostaticCompressor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Electrostatic Compressor
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.elevatorBase.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Base
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.elevatorCaller.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Caller
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.elevatorFrame.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Frame
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.enderPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ender Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.etchingAcid.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Etching Acid
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.fireFlower.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fire Flower
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.fluxCompressor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Flux Compressor
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.flyingFlower.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Flying Flower
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.fuel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gasoline
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.gasLift.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gas Lift
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.heatSink.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Heat Sink
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.heliumPlant.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Helium Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.kerosene.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Kerosene
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.keroseneLamp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Kerosene Lamp
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.keroseneLampLight.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.keroseneLampLight.name
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.lightningPlant.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lightning Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.liquidCompressor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.liquidHopper.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Hopper
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.lpg.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE LPG
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.lubricant.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lubricant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.oil.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.omnidirectionalHopper.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Omnidirectional Hopper
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.plasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.plasticBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.plasticMixer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Mixer
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDoor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Door
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDoorBase.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Door Base
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticDynamo.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.pneumaticGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Generator
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.potionPlant.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Potion Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberInterface.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Chamber Interface
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberValve.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Chamber Valve
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.pressureChamberWall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pressureChamberWall.name
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.pressureTube.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Tube
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.programmableController.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Programmable Controller
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.programmer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Programmer
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.propulsionPlant.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Propulsion Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.rainPlant.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rain Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.refinery.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.repulsionPlant.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Repulsion Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.securityStation.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Security Station
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.sentryTurret.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sentry Turret
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.slimePlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Slime Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.squidPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Squid Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.thermopneumaticProcessingPlant.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Thermopneumatic Processing Plant
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.universalSensor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Universal Sensor
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.uvLightBox.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE UV Light Box
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.vacuumPump.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Pump
fe.protection.trample.PneumaticCraft.vortexTube.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Tube
fe.protection.trample.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.PortalMultiBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.barrel.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lily.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.lily.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.ore.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stonewalls.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.cube.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.detector.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.frame.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.ore.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Residual Heat
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.signal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.slab.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.stair.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.track.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.trample.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.RefinedRelocation.blockExtender.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockExtender.name
fe.protection.trample.RefinedRelocation.buffer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.buffer.name
fe.protection.trample.RefinedRelocation.filteringHopper.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Filtering Hopper
fe.protection.trample.RefinedRelocation.powerLimiter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Power Limiter
fe.protection.trample.RefinedRelocation.relocationController.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Player Relocator Base
fe.protection.trample.RefinedRelocation.relocationPortal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.relocationPortal.name
fe.protection.trample.RefinedRelocation.sortingBarrel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sorting Barrel
fe.protection.trample.RefinedRelocation.sortingChest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sorting Chest
fe.protection.trample.RefinedRelocation.sortingConnector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.sortingConnector.name
fe.protection.trample.RefinedRelocation.sortingIronChest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.sortingIronChest.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energistics Connector
fe.protection.trample.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE RF Node
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Module Toggler
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Manager
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cart Assembler
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE External Distributor
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Junction Rail
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Manager
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block Gate
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sign Updater
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.trample.StevesWorkshop.production_table.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.Sync.Sync_ShellConstructor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Shell Constructor
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Drying Rack
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Station
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glue Block
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Frying Pan
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hambone
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Landmine
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE SDX
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Invar
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glue
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Slime Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Punji Stick
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Door
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Old Urn
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.autoSorter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicexploration:autoSorter.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.boundChest.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bound Jar
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Everburn Urn
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Soul Brazier
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Think Tank
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Alchemite
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Seroconverter
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bone
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Brain
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Deep Crystal
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dust
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Eye Cluster
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Planar Gateway
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inspiratron
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Node Monitor
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soulforge
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Metal Spike
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tooth
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.aspectAnalyzer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Aspectalyzer
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.golemConnector.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Golem Connector
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.travelSlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Paving Slab of Travel
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.travelStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Paving Stair of Travel
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.wardSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.wardSlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.wardSlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.trample.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Primal Mana
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.trample.Translocator.translocator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoorVanished.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceLit.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CinderLog.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockIronwood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ironwood Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockKnightmetal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Knightmetal Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockTitanium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Titanium Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                             # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                          # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.cfm.barstool.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.basin.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.basin.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bath1.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bath2.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bin.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bin.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.birdbath.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blender.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blender.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blindoff.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blindon.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chairstone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chairwood.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.choppingboard.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.computer.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.computer.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cookiejar.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.couch.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.couch.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.counterdoored.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.countersink.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cup.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.cup.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.curtainoff.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.curtainon.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.doorbell.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.electricfence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.firealarmon.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.freezer.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.fridge.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.hedge.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.hey.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.hey.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.lampoff.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.lampon.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.mailbox.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.microwave.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.microwave.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.nyan.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.oven.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.trample.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.pattern.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.plate.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.present.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.present.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.printer.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.printer.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.showerbottom.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.showerheadon.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.showertop.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.stereo.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.stonepath.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tablestone.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tablewood.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tap.*                                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tap.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.toaster.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.toilet.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tree.*                                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tree.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tv.*                                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tv.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.washingmachine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.whitefence.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.amber.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.arcane.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.beacon.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blood Rune
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brick Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cloud.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.copperblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dirt.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futura.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass2.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gold Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.grimstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grimstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hex Plating
fe.protection.trample.chisel.holystone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.leadblock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.trample.chisel.leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.nation.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherrack.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paperwall.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.present.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.rebel.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.road_line.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Road Lines
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.trample.chisel.silverblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.trample.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.steelblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tallow.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.templeblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.thaumium.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tinblock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch1.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch10.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch2.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch3.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch4.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch5.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch6.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch7.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch8.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch9.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tyrian.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.trample.chisel.valentines.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Valentines Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.warningSign.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Warning Sign
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.trample.compacter.Cobbler.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.trample.compacter.Compacter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Compacter
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Audio Cable
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Camera
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cipher Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Detector - Digital
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Radar
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Speech Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tape Drive
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.trample.denseores.block0.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.trample.denseores.block1.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.trample.doge.dogeBlock.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Doge Block
fe.protection.trample.doge.miningRig.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mining Rig
fe.protection.trample.eplus.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.eplus.arcane_inscriber.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.eplus.enchantment_book.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.trample.extracells.certustank.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.trample.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.trample.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.trample.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.trample.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.extracells.walrus.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Walrus
fe.protection.trample.factorization.ArtifactForge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Artifact Forge
fe.protection.trample.factorization.BlastBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blast Block
fe.protection.trample.factorization.BlastedBedrock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blasted Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.factorization.BlockMatcher.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block Matcher
fe.protection.trample.factorization.ColossalBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.factorization:colossalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.factorization.DarkIronOre.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.factorization.FracturedBedrock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fractured Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.factorization.FzBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.factorization.FzBlockBarrel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.factorization.GargantuanBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gargantuan Brick
fe.protection.trample.factorization.Lightair.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightair.name
fe.protection.trample.factorization.MantleRock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mantle Rock
fe.protection.trample.factorization.ResourceBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.factorization.ResourceBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.flansmod.armorBox.mwArmour.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mwArmour.name
fe.protection.trample.flansmod.armorBox.ww2Armour.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ww2Armour.name
fe.protection.trample.flansmod.flansWorkbench.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flansWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.flansmod.gunBox.american.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.american.name
fe.protection.trample.flansmod.gunBox.british.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.british.name
fe.protection.trample.flansmod.gunBox.german.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.german.name
fe.protection.trample.flansmod.gunBox.japanese.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.japanese.name
fe.protection.trample.flansmod.gunBox.modern.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.modern.name
fe.protection.trample.flansmod.gunBox.russian.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.russian.name
fe.protection.trample.flansmod.teamsSpawner.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.teamsSpawner.name
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.booster.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Frame Booster
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.frame.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.frame2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.frame3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.frame4.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.funkylocomotion:moving.name
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frame Slider
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Animal Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Berry Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Churn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Desert Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Grass Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ground Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Herb Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.market.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Goosberry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Barley Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Beet Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Celery Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Corn Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grape Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Leek Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oats Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Okra Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Onion Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peas Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Radish Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rice Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rye Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Quern
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Textile Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Water Garden
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AccioFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Accio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AccioFurnaceActive.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Active Accio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AirCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Air Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AirshardCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Air Shard Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AluminiumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Aluminium Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AlumiteCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alumite Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.AmberCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amber Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ArditeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ardite Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.BlazeCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.BlizzCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blizz Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.BronzeCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CertusQuartzCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ChickenCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chicken Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CoalCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Coal Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CobaltCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ConductiveIronCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CopperCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Copper Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CowCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cow Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CreeperCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CropBooster.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Growth Pulser
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CropBooster2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.CropBooster2.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CropBooster3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.CropBooster3.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.CrucioFurnaceActive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Active Crucio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.DarkSteelCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.DiamondCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.DyeCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dye Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EarthCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Earth Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EarthshardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Earth Shard Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ElectricalSteelCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ElectrumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Electrum Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EmeraldCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EnderiumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enderium Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EndermanCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EnergeticAlloyCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.EntropyshardCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Entropy Shard Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ExperienceCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Experience Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.FireCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fire Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.FireshardCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fire Shard Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.FluixCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.GhastCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ghast Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.GlowstoneCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.GoldCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gold Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ImperioFurnaceActive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Active Imperio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.InvarCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Invar Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.IronCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.LapisCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.LeadCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lead Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.LumiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lumium Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ManasteelCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ManyullynCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.MinicioCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Minicio Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.MinicioOre.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Minicio Ore
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.MinicioOreEnd.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE End Minicio Ore
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.MinicioOreNether.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Minicio Ore
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.NatureCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nature Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.NetherCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.NickelCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nickel Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ObsidianCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.OrdershardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Order Shard Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.OsmiumCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Osmium Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.PeridotCrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peridot Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.PigCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pig Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.PlatinumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Platinum Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.PulsatingIronCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.QuartzCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.QuicksilverCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.RedstoneAlloyCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.RedstoneCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.RubberCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.RubyCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SaltpeterCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SapphireCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SheepCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sheep Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SignalumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Signalum Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SilverCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Silver Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SkeletonCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SlimeCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slime Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SoulariumCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Soularium Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SpiderCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spider Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SteelCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Steel Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.SulfurCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.TerrasteelCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ThaumiumCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.TinCrop.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tin Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.UltimateFurnaceActive.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Active Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.VibrantAlloyCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.WaterCrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.WatershardCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water Shard Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.WitherCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.WitherProof.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wither Proof Block
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.WitherProofGlass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wither Proof Glass
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.YelloriteCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Yellorite Crop
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.ZivicioFurnaceActive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Active Zivicio Furnace
fe.protection.trample.magicalcrops.essence_storage.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.EssenceStone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Essence Stone
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSquare.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSquare2.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_Square3.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSquare3.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBrick2.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_brick3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceBrick3.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.magicalcropsdeco.essence_small_brick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.EssenceSmallBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Silverfish
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sewing Machine
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Summoning Altar
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.skullWall.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.trample.powersuits.tile.luxCapacitor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.powersuits.tile.tinkerTable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.Chopper.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Chopper
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.ChopperDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Chopper
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.ChopperIron.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Chopper
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.ChopperStone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Chopper
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.Crafter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crafter
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.CrafterDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Crafter
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.CrafterIron.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Crafter
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.CrafterStone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Crafter
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.Farmer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Animal Farmer
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.FarmerDiamond.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Animal Farmer
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.FarmerIron.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Animal Farmer
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.FarmerStone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stone Animal Farmer
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.Generator.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Generator
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.GeneratorDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Generator
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.GeneratorIron.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Generator
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.GeneratorStone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Generator
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.Killer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Killer
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.KillerDiamond.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Killer
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.KillerIron.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Killer
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.KillerStone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stone Killer
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.Miner.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Miner
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.MinerDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Miner
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.MinerIron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Miner
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.MinerStone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stone Miner
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.Planter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planter
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.PlanterDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Planter
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.PlanterIron.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Planter
fe.protection.trample.progressiveautomation.PlanterStone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Planter
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.qblock.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Computer
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Observer
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Portal
fe.protection.trample.reccomplex.generic_solid.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Generic Solid
fe.protection.trample.reccomplex.generic_space.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Generic Space
fe.protection.trample.reccomplex.maze_generator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Maze Generator
fe.protection.trample.reccomplex.spawn_script.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spawn Script Block
fe.protection.trample.reccomplex.structure_generator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Structure Generator
fe.protection.trample.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawn_command.name
fe.protection.trample.statues.statues.showcase.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.statues.showcase.name
fe.protection.trample.statues.statues.statue.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.statues.statue.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*          # (default: true) PLACE Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*       # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*             # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Provider
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*    # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*             # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Provider
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*           # (default: true) PLACE Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.trample.witchery.altar.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.trample.witchery.artichoke.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.trample.witchery.barrier.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.trample.witchery.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Beartrap
fe.protection.trample.witchery.belladonna.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Belladonna
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bramble.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brazier.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brazier
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brew.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brewgas.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cactus.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.witchery.candelabra.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.witchery.chalice.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chalice
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circle.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.clever.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Coffin
fe.protection.trample.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Critter Snare
fe.protection.trample.witchery.crystalball.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.trample.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sun Collector
fe.protection.trample.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.trample.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.trample.witchery.demonheart.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Demon Heart
fe.protection.trample.witchery.disease.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Disease
fe.protection.trample.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.trample.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.trample.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.trample.witchery.embermoss.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ember Moss
fe.protection.trample.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.force.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Solid
fe.protection.trample.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.trample.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Garlic
fe.protection.trample.witchery.glintweed.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glint Weed
fe.protection.trample.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glow Globe
fe.protection.trample.witchery.grassper.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grassper
fe.protection.trample.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icedoor.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icefence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Fence
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Gate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.iceslab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icestairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icestockade.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.trample.witchery.kettle.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Kettle
fe.protection.trample.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.trample.witchery.leechchest.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Leech Chest
fe.protection.trample.witchery.light.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.lilypad.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mandrake.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mandrake
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mindrake.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Minedrake
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.trample.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.trample.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.witchery.placeditem.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.plantmine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.trample.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.trample.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.silvervat.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Silver Vat
fe.protection.trample.witchery.slurp.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowbell.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Snowbell
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowslab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Snow Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.trample.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stockade.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Torment Portal
fe.protection.trample.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Torment Stone
fe.protection.trample.witchery.trent.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.trample.witchery.vine.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Vine
fe.protection.trample.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Void Bramble
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wallgen.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.web.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Web
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchlog.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Head
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wolftrap
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wormwood.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wormwood
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.altar.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wraith Node
